"x"
"1" "\"x\""
"2" "\"Today William began his low dose IL-2 infusion. We spent a very long time at the clinic getting some labs test kinks worked out and then due to a shortage of home health nurses, finally got the infusion started around 8pm---at HOME. Despite the mild frustration from all the waiting and delays today, it is all better than being in the hospital. Normally this infusion is started under 24 hour observation in the hospital. However, William previously tolerated the low dose infusion just fine so the doctor cleared us to remain at home pending all other insurance approvals and various hurdles cleared. He'll complete the infusion on Friday night and we are hoping he keeps the typical fever side effect at bay so we don't wind up at the hospital for a late night antibiotic infusion. Then on Monday, Aug. 1st, William and I check back into UCSF for the 5 days of antibody therapy. This will complete round 4 of 5.\""
"3" "\"YOU could be a WINNER!!!!\""
"4" "\"He said, “what are you doing up there? Get down!”\""
"5" "\"She: OK, let’s GO!!\""
"6" "\"Hello loves and happy Sunday! I haven't done a Fun Sunday in a while now and that's mainly because I find it hard to come up with something interesting every week. But this week I'm really excited to show you what I've been doing in my free time (well besides nails obviously) for the last few weeks. I've seen this done on a few blogs and wanted to try it. A month or so ago I finally found a Romanian supplier that had what I needed, so I got to work. I won't write a tutorial just because there are already good ones out there and I just followed them. This one from Rebecca likes nails and this one by Chalkboard Nails are great.\""
"7" "\"Immediately after this post goes up, your third quarter grades will be entered into the grade book. As you scramble to look at those numbers, keep one thing in mind: This is not the end of our discussion. Deadlines dictate that we appease the digital gods, not that we cease our consideration of grades and the seven domains of learning. I will continue to provide feedback through Google Docs to you over the next four or five days; you will receive some general commentary (and a new German word) through this site; and you will use your self-assessments as part of an assignment this weekend. First, a few notes overall.\""
"8" "\"Already I have been out with my boss and stuck to one or two drinks. Hopefully she will notice my changed drinking behaviour.\""
"9" "\"Busy Busy Busy week (What's new???) Got TONS of stuff done, despite the fact that the spring \\"SOCIAL\\" season has begun. Every day brought at least two visitors, which meant stopping for long chats, sometimes over coffee. Oy vay! It's hard to get back into work, but such is life in the Friendly \\"Hood\\"!\""
"10" "\"Looks like Mary Ann lives in the Grand Island, Nebraska, area. Maybe somewhere like Broken Bow. Yea, that sounds good.\""
"11" "\"Quite frankly I think anyone who would cut the genitals of their child needs to be fined heavily and either face life in prison or a death sentence, along with the doctor, mohel, or whoever doing the procedure. It’s akin to surgical rape of a minor. And it’s legal. It makes my stomach turn. Alas, the practice continues mainly in the United Shithole of America, and for one goddamn specific reason: MONEY. It’s big business. Just goes to demonstrate that most American doctors, Big Pharma, and all of their cronies are more concerned about making money than patient health. Absolutely disgusting.\""
"12" "\"Finally, indexed annuities allow investors to track the performance of a financial index. The annuity will usually track the index in a bull market; however, the issuers of the annuity also guarantee a minimum annual interest rate to avoid losses when the index is in a downturn.\""
"13" "\"Now that we have that handy guide over and done with, how was the 'book'(let)?\""
"14" "\"There are only two options available when dealing with these people: You either avoid them like the plague, or you approach them in an unthreatening manner - like a snake with a type of wisdom they can identify with…\""
"15" "\"You will not believe the amazing sponsors for this hop. I am truly amazed at the generosity among the crafting community. This hop is being sponsored by 37 amazing sponsors. I will be filling 12 stockings with crafting goodies and giving one away for each day of the hop. There will be gift certificates to numerous different shops on the internet being given away for paper piecing patterns, digital images, and merchandise. Be sure to remember to stop by between December 12th and December 23rd because this is going to be an amazing hop.\""
"16" "\"and didn't wake up. What could be simpler?\""
"17" "\"The government's great many foreign-aid-funded schemes to replace these efficient farmers with thus far, some 1-million 'new black farmers' are proving to be a resounding failure. These 1million farmers are primarily subsistence: producing food for their own extended clans but selling very little excess food for use by the rest of the population.\""
"18" "\"So slow its downstream glide:\""
"19" "\"Cuts:\""
"20" "\"I could put on the back of a postcard\""
"21" "\"74. Cf. the Dirge in Webster’s White Devil .\""
"22" "\"The case involved a woman whose bong had about 2 1/2 tablespoons of liquid that tested positive for methamphetamine. A narcotics officer had testified that drug users sometimes keep bong water to drink or inject later.Really? Drink the bong water? Eeeew. Although where does it stop? What about pipes? That would be paraphernalia, but I'm sure you could probably scrape out stuff or lick it or something. If your pipe or one-hitter has enough residue, could it too be considered the equivalent of the controlled substance?\""
"23" "\"Are you trying to improve health in your area? Would you like to see more people walking and cycling?\""
"24" "\"Be neutral\""
"25" "\"But before I begin you need to understand this 3 simple concept based on studies done\""
"26" "\"A cow and a calf were captured to go\""
"27" "\"Loek van der Knaap: Guitars\""
"28" "\"In the evening, at the gig, our gorilla promotions seem to have worked as over 100 paying punters turn up to see just who are these people with the goat. We have a great show and a good old knees-up afterwards.\""
"29" "\"One of the strengths of the Hapthorn novels is their even-handedness; the reader appreciates how Henghis feels, as a Sherlock who can no longer eliminate the impossible, but also shares the excitement of his intuitive alter ego regarding the age of magic to come. Would you secretly side with one of them? In which of the two ages would you prefer to live?\""
"30" "\"Looks I'm Loving:\""
"31" "\"First of all we need to remember, that it is only through the intimacy of prayer that we receive from Him the wisdom, knowledge, empowerment, and Love we will need in preparation for the next day’s events. Secondly, it is through meditative prayer in union with His Inspired Word, that we continue to be taught by the Holy Spirit in order to be formed and grow spiritually and learn from our experiences. St. Ignatius of Loyola tells us that “…there are very few people who realize what God would make of them if they abandoned themselves into his hands, and let themselves be formed by his grace.”\""
"32" "\"was under 90%\""
"33" "\"I know what you're thinking: When the hell are we finally going to get a Chinese Kung Fu Steampunk movie?\""
"34" "\"The hardest battle we will ever have is with our mind. If the devil has our mind, then he’ll probably be able to win a lot of other places.\""
"35" "\"WHY DID I END UP WRITING THIS BOOK AND TELLING THIS STORY? About four years ago I was bogged down in the revisions of a big novel set in Ghana and a friend suggested I write something set in Italy, something funny. I’ve not read many funny books and had hardly read any chick lit at all, but Emily set my wheels turning. I drove back to my place from hers – from Treviso to Albettone about an hour and a half on a white-hot summer morning – and by the time I reached home I had a title and a first line. I set myself up in the chicken shed next to house with my laptop and extension cord, so I couldn’t hear my kids. I wrote until it was too cold to stay outside and I think I was finished by winter. The title and the first line stayed the same. BREATHE WORKING WITH AN INDEPENDENT PUBLISHER AND HOW BLODDY HARD IT IS TO GET PUBLISHED IF YOU DON’T WRITE ABOUT VAMPIRES When I was young I assumed I would burst onto the literary scene and become another Simone de Beauvoir. It didn’t happen, as I told you. So I went to Africa and had babies. BREATHE When I came back to Europe nine years ago I took a while to get back to writing. A novel – even a bad novel – really takes YEARS to produce, then there are years of rejection, depression, divorces, kids, boyfriends AND SKIING LESSONS. When I finished The Divorced Lady’s Companion I thought it would be easier to publish women’s commercial than a literary work, BUT IT WAS JUST AS HARD! Many books in the chick lit category are written ABOUT thirty-year-old career women BY thirty-year-old women with careers. I read a few and couldn’t help thinking that there was a cut-off point in what was being published. There were less stories about over40s – which is when I think things get really challenging. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THE TODDLERS START GETTING TATTOOS, what happens when you have wrinkles galore, and your prime is behind you rather than stretching out into the sunset? At one point I was thinking of the Eat Pray Love market without the praying and the self-analysis (I saw it in the aeroplane to Australia). I was convinced there would be an interest in an older woman’s story about teenagers, ex-husbands, new lovers and finding A DECENT WAY TO GROW OLDER without resorting to botox or finishing up on an ashram. BREATHE And so I submitted and submitted and submitted.\""
"36" "\"They still calling me names, but I knew mine, and the same is\""
"37" "\"Working hard to lay claim to the island, the English evicted the Irish owners and bestowed these lands on primarily Scottish lords with similar religious allegiance as the English. But it should be noted that the Irish are a patient folk, if a bit hot-tempered. They bided their time. They planned. They kept the spirit of freedom alive until finally, the time came for them to take back their land. All did not go as planned or expected, unfortunately, and six of Ireland’s northern counties were retained by England. Many in Northern Ireland who maintained continued allegiance to the Republic felt abandoned by their southern brothers and sisters.\""
"38" "\"The retaking of Crater became a symbol of the true British spirit. This is an example of when righteous rebellion is heroic. Mitchell is a role model for a new generation who are having their inheritance dissipated by the elites.\""
"39" "\"\\"Their father is Norwegian. But he's too busy. I need to bring them in to get the passports. Can I do that?\\"\""
"40" "\"Taylor (Tonje and Kelly´s daughter and a great playmate to Aidan)\""
"41" "\"I almost always go in here for browsing purposes only. Sometimes for inspiration.\""
"42" "\"7. Working on a super spectacular post about Canada, which is a secret.\""
"43" "\"29. Invisible Target\""
"44" "\"Workshop B is for those who have completed the first level, and are now challenged to design as a group, using the exact same materials, but each producing a bouquet that is completely different from the rest of the group. Groups usually consist of three students. They have to\""
"45" "\"\\"What about you?\\" he asked.\""
"46" "\"Thank you Carey for making such a fun devotional to help me with my walk and get focused on God first thing in the day and throughout the day as well. It reminds me that God craves a relationship with me, just like I should with him every day. Thank you for making me hungry to be in the ever so sweet presence of God.\""
"47" "\"A quiet place in a small town\""
"48" "\"“How could one man’s absence reduce a woman to nothing?” Mehnaz asks observing a paternal aunt of hers whose husband left her for good.\""
"49" "\"-Rather than striping the pastry bag, add previously colored icing (several colors) into a bag at the same time.\""
"50" "\"Changed the diapers. (ready to have children one day)\""
"51" "\"Of course, we can’t all celebrate grand openings all the time. But you can recreate that feeling with your staff. Here are some ways to do just that:\""
"52" "\"What makes a movie suck? Bad writing, bad acting, bad directing, bad story? The list is long and sometimes it is difficult to put your finger on the exact cause. Since there was nothing on TV last night I decided to watch an old B movie called Desperate Hours.\""
"53" "\"How is this, doily light fitting. So easy to do. I'm pretty sure you use a PVA glue to smother the doilies and stick them onto the balloon. (if that's not right and anyone knows, please let me know). When all is dry, just pop balloon and VOILA!!\""
"54" "\"I have seen other bloggers posts on my blog reader several times – without showing on their own blog…Maybe there is a trick I haven’t seen yet?\""
"55" "\"Now it seems the problem has spread further across the Costa Blanca.\""
"56" "\"food intake No. 3 (12pm)\""
"57" "\"Don’t yield this the amiss way. I am by no agency adage that it is accept to buy your seven-year-old that M-rated game. I am a able adherent of the ESRB. The botheration is that the bodies who accuse the a lot of about inappropriate agreeable in video amateur are usually the ones a lot of amenable for advertisement their accouchement to it. You can’t buy your adolescent God of War and afresh accuse about claret and bald breasts in the game. The bold case says, in actuality in atramentous and white, “Blood and Gore” and “Nudity” a allotment of its agreeable descriptors. The ESRB ratings accept existed for fifteen years now, and arise on both the bold case (front and back, with descriptors on the back) and on the characterization of every video game. In fact, they are larger, added prominent, and bigger explained than a lot of added ratings systems; yet apparently the atomic heeded.\""
"58" "\"In Japanese interiors lighting is not only a functional but an integral part of the interior. Here, particular attention is paid to the Japanese style of diffused light. In addition to the concealed LED lights in the surrounding bulkhead, Japanese style custom made pendant lights hang above the island bench. The rectangular linen shades and white etched glass diffuser combined with the geometrical timber squares resemble that of a shoji screen and ensure the light is unobtrusive and gentle creating a relaxed calming atmosphere.\""
"59" "\"Maybe Travolta will follow in the footsteps of his mentor L. Ron Hubbard and disappear into oblivion. Or maybe he will one day surface in one of “those” vans near your child’s playground.\""
"60" "\"In a recent seminar organized to enhance engagement with youths, where several hundred participants comprising representatives from voluntary welfare organizations attended, Dr Yaacob Ibrahim, Minister-in-charge of Muslim Affairs, said that “more preventive and upstream measures are needed to help Malay youths at risk of dropping out of school prematurely or those facing difficulties in school or at home.\""
"61" "\"“Well,” said Mark, “I know what I want the effect on the audience to be. I want it to be quite hypnotic and dreamlike and for the audience to enter a sort-of trance-like state. That again is why using Stewart Lee’s act is quite good, because he does all that repetition stuff anyway… So feeling ‘mesmerised’ is good.\""
"62" "\"I do not use it at night as it has not been needed. He nurses to get to sleep and then sleeps until he is hungry again. When we first brought him home I tried sticking it in his mouth while he was in the crib, but as I mentioned, he would just spit it out so I would have to get up and put it back in anyway. I do love the ease of finding it due to it being attached to a stuffed animal. Even today, I was able to quickly grab it out of the diaper bag because I knew to look for the giraffe.\""
"63" "\"Laser therapy – This involves the use of a laser to kill your warts.\""
"64" "\"\\"After the experience of the last 44 years of military occupation and all the conflict and friction, I think it would be in the best interest of the two people to be separated,\\" Maen Areikat, the PLO ambassador, said during a press conference sponsored by The Christian Science Monitor.\""
"65" "\"“… and it ain’t long, before it’s gone. You might as well have a good time.”\""
"66" "\"It is official. The After World of Shadow and Light is changing. All because I couldn’t bring myself to do what was expected of me; to collect Kim’s soul.\""
"67" "\"WHOAAAAAAAAA.....Just seen that i hadnt written a post since february?!? wtf?!?!\""
"68" "\"Man.. It's gettin' warm outside again.. finally...the sun is out longer and I'm seein' beautiful women walkin around everywhere in less clothing.. YUP..it's almost Summer time again and guess what, we need somethin that slap in the trunk.. this new one from Jay Rock is precisely that..\""
"69" "\"There is also a separate section of the playground for smaller children from 2-5 with parent supervision. This section has an adorable little gingerbread house to play in.\""
"70" "\"5k run open category\""
"71" "\"I'm sure this book doesn't need any introduction, given that it has been surrounded by the hype monster for quite some time! I actually received this one for Christmas, but was planning to wait until all the hype died down before reading it. I really hope it lives up to all of my expectations.\""
"72" "\"In England the educational system is actually pretty fucking awesome. I put this down to one thing; our kids are not bomarded with bullshit from an early age.\""
"73" "\"The information below is about the leadership of the Mayor of the City of Atlanta and the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce:\""
"74" "\"This hilarious \\"Gus\\" set comes complete with three hilarious sentiments - for anyone who has hunters in their lives, this set is PERFECT! :)\""
"75" "\"that was easy. the answer was definitely ‘no’ to that one. i assumed they gave no sort of a shit, even for a second, much like myself who just wanted to read this same sentence while i waited for the doctor to call me up, and tell me that my father was going to live another day. wisely enough – i still believe this now – i kept my mouth shut. but i stared at her. trying to figure out why i knew her. i don’t think she even noticed. she had found her lighter and was smoking again, staring off into space, and occasionally shaking her head at the thought of her apathetic co-workers.\""
"76" "\"There are many more photos from 2D 2011 at the following Facebook pages -\""
"77" "\"There are two general problems with online passes. First of all, the consumer has done nothing wrong. As consumers, the gamer is responsible for purchasing the game, rather than pirating it. Publishers should be taking out their frustrations with the retailer. When retailers sell used games, they keep 100% of the income. Furthermore, used game sales have continued to rise over the past few years. It is simply wrong to place the blame on the consumer, as they have already taken the moral route of purchasing the game in the first place.\""
"78" "\"Even if it is light exercise, jumping on the Treadmill for half an hour a day. Combine this with a good diet and you will see huge results, there is no way you won’t.\""
"79" "\"b) sick/possibly dying/we don't know yet/we shall see dog\""
"80" "\"Salt to taste. I find it needs a lot of salt to bring out flavor but you could always start with less and add as you go.\""
"81" "\"He walked into a pink house festooned with a ran-over gate and scattered trash on the lawn. Loud music rattled my car windows. I snapped a few more pictures, got out of the car, and started to walk up the street. I looked at the spot I wanted to land and shifted to it in a flash.\""
"82" "\"Now Jesus, that man led by example.\""
"83" "\"One of my friends has a gingerbread party for the children every year. It is one of my favorite things to do at Christmas! Her house is so bright and inviting, and she has such a sweet, sweet family. I found a Maileg kitchen towel with the directions for making gingerbread cookies. I added some measuring spoons and a large peppermint candy cane. She had recently told me that she loved eating these large candy canes as a child. She would carry it around the entire month of December, carefully wrapping it in plastic wrap when not in use! Oh, I remember that!\""
"84" "\"Perhaps you might bring your large comforters to the laundromat, bring your drapes and winter coats to the dry cleaners, store your winter clothes and bring your warm-weather clothes out of hiding or check the smoke detectors.\""
"85" "\"-If you put a little lotion in the palm of Gaines’ hand, he’ll freak out.\""
"86" "\"And how can you possibly snub John “The Big Man” Williams, especially when he was nominated for two awards in the same category for two different movies? And Meryl Streep? Oh come on! I know this is only her third Oscar, but she’s been nominated 17 times… We all know she’s good. So good that she doesn’t really need an award to prove something.\""
"87" "\"Today I've managed to make my nails passable (for one day anyways), but it's just not the same. Maybe I need to think of investing in some gels again...?\""
"88" "\"This year poor John's birthday is two days before his sister's wedding...how do you even compete with that?!\""
"89" "\"Another part оf thе ultra setting would bе thе Direct-X compatible sound card thаt hаѕ motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards are nоrmallу internal оr external and cаn be attached tо а surround sound system for а ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection iѕ nеcеssаry fоr normal and ultra settings.\""
"90" "\"Finished it off with another crimp bead with a loop on the end of it.\""
"91" "\"In the meantime, the rush of Titanic remembrances--including a pretty great on on the National Geographic channel I caught up with last week--might spark a little interest of days gone by. Before we know it, these will be days gone by too. I hope we can learn our lessons well enough to do better in the future.\""
"92" "\"6And the Apostles and the rulers of the church came together and gave thought to the question.\""
"93" "\"My friend Knappsterino often films at venues like this down in Bristol. I noticed several people doing just that, so doubtless the results will be up on YouTube soon. Meanwhile, someone posted a bit of Daydream Believer from the Glasgow gig:\""
"94" "\"I also need to think about who is physically fit enough to work long days in the African heat, and who is likely to get parental consent, especially with Kenya having some political problems and Embassy warnings. Many of our parents won’t let their children go to the Red Sea for example, because of media reports about problems Egypt, and we couldn’t include countries such as China or Greece because parents are afraid of the people in these countries, so there is a huge cultural minefield involved and that also needs to be taken into consideration, especially when many of our children and their families have never left Georgia before and they are already allowing their children to be away for two weeks, which is a big trust and responsibility for them. Plus we need to think about how they will cope on return from expedition, especially if they come from families where they have little money and not much food. This is in fact my biggest fear, as I know how hard it can be to fit back in after a life changing expedition, especially when others can’t relate to what you have experienced, and this is something I’ve also seen in soldiers coming back from war, as much as seeing it with explorers coming back from the Arctic or Amazon or whatever. So this is a huge factor, as is the children’s openness to new experiences and willingness to push themselves outside of their comfort zones. If they refuse to try local foods, and that is all that we have on offer, then they will quickly become ill or dehydrated and that could be disastrous, as much as them making a social or verbal faux par, as a wrong word could be taken massively out of context or misunderstood, even when not meant that way. For example, my calling a child ‘bossy’ would be no big deal in the UK, but calling a Georgian child the same word, would sound to a Georgian like ‘bosi’ meaning whore (long ago bosi actually meant beautiful, but not anymore). I have also heard the word ‘nigger’ being used for a black person in relation to its meaning in Russian coming from ‘negro’, but it would have an entirely different meaning outside of Georgia and could lead to massive problems for us. Just as Georgians use the word ‘I want’ rather than ‘I would like’ and often don’t include ‘please’ and ‘thank you’. This is not rude in Georgian culture, and is perfectly normal, but outside of Georgia could lead to our kids being seen as rude and demanding or impolite.\""
"95" "\"When the the Highborne were exiled, they eventually settled in the Eastern Kingdoms, in an area now known as Tirisfal Glades in the then-Human kingdom of Lordaeron. They settled there because they could sense the magic of the place, something the Highborne needed to feed their magical addiction since the destruction of their former source, the Well of Eternity. Soon after settling in Tirisfal, some of the Highborne slowly began to go mad, and those who yet retained their sanity realized the source of the Glade’s magical power was something truly evil. It is thought this evil magic is due to the presence of an Old God, imprisoned deep beneath Tirisfal.\""
"96" "\"Born in Moneyglass, Co Antrim, Northern Ireland on May 4, 1974, 16-time champion A P (Tony) McCoy is the greatest jump jockey of his era and many would argue of all time. He is the son of Peadar McCoy, who bred the 1993 County Hurdle victor Thumbs Up. McCoy started out with Billy Rock, riding out from the age of 12, before trying his luck as a Flat jockey with Jim Bolger and rode his first winner on Legal Steps at Thurles on March 26, 1992. Since growing too heavy and turning to jump racing, he has not looked back. He partnered his first British winner, Chickabiddy, at Exeter on September 7, 1994 and was champion conditional rider in Britain in 1994/5 with a then record 74 winners when attached to Toby Balding’s Hampshire yard. He took his first senior title the following season with 174 wins. His domination has brought 16 consecutive jump jockey’s titles and he is currently well on course for number 17 this season. McCoy broke Peter Scudamore’s record of 221 wins in the 1997/8 season with 253 successes and broke his own record for the fastest 200 winners in the 1999/2000 season, ending up with 245 successes. In 2001/02 he beat by 20 the record of 269 winners in any season set by Flat jockey Sir Gordon Richards. He has passed the double century mark five times and reached the 3,000 winner mark at Plumpton in February, 2009. He had a fairytale 1997 Cheltenham Festival, recording a rare double on Make A Stand for his then boss Martin Pipe in the Champion Hurdle and Mr Mulligan in the Cheltenham Gold Cup. McCoy added a second Champion Hurdle when successful on Brave Inca in 2006 and a third in 2010 with Binocular. In total, he has partnered 27 winners at The Festival and won the Betfred Cheltenham Gold Cup for the second time in 2012 on Synchronised. In April, 2004, he left Martin Pipe’s stable after accepting a reportedly huge retainer from J P McManus and rides for the owner’s principal trainer in Britain, Jonjo O’Neill. He scored a long-awaited victory in the Grand National aboard Don’t Push It in 2010, his 15th ride in the race. That win helped towards him being crowned BBC Sports Personality of the Year that December. McCoy also rides regularly for Nicky Henderson. His wife Chanelle gave birth to their daughter Eve late in 2007. McCoy was made an MBE in the 2003 Queen’s Birthday Honours List and his achievements were recognised with a reception at Stormont, the seat of government in Northern Ireland, in August, 2009. In the 2010 Birthday Honours List he was made an OBE. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1995 Chatam (Fell 12th), 1996 Deep Bramble (PU bef 2 out); 1998 Challenger Du Luc (Fell 1st); 1999\""
"97" "\"Motivation within the ranks of the small (and bigger) helpers was low too.\""
"98" "\"money … can’t buy people’s affection\""
"99" "\"hoping I see\""
"100" "\"Let's consider a suspense genre book with a crime scene for an example...\""
"101" "\"a good ten years old\""
"102" "\"I would recommend this to my teenage son, Bryce, because despite the bad elements in the book, there is still a resonance of truth (especially about the way truth gets twisted). However, I would probably discuss with him the nihilistic worldview presented and counter the arguments in the book against the existence of God. I still couldn't recommend it for impressionable young boys, however. And there might even be some 15 year olds who would be unable to handle this book. My 15 year old is quite strong in what he believes and could handle the intense subject matter. Also, since it is heavily laden with boy humor, it might not appeal as much to teenage girls.\""
"103" "\"Tests- 61, Runs- 5410, Avg- 56.94, 100s- 15, High- 211\""
"104" "\"Another thing I love about sewing and sharing with all of you? It's so FUN! I had such a blast at the Crafters' Ceilidh meet-up--there was loads of laughter and sewing humour. I also love reading people's blog posts--they almost always make me smile!\""
"105" "\"I wasn't even thinking about Mitt or Newt. Honest. I try not to think about them every chance I get.\""
"106" "\"Telenstil held Gytha up by the shoulders. She shook her head then steadied herself. Reaching out she gave the elf's shoulder a squeeze, then took the metal rod from where it rested against the wall. She leaned upon it and seemed to take strength from the black iron, recovering from her brief daze.\""
"107" "\"Mentioning Josh and his impressive capacity he did slightly better splits with slight lower heart rates and half the lactate values. I think his highest one was was 1.7 with lower levels being 0.9 sitting on 1.37 splits.\""
"108" "\"which is pretty much what my hair felt like when I was done!\""
"109" "\"56. Tao can speak English, Cantonese, and of course Mandarin.\""
"110" "\"This is toward the definition I was inclined toward as an American historian: that brand of Christianity that first emerged out of the First and Second Great Awakening, in contrast to the dominant Puritanism and Anglicanism of the day. So what, qualitatively, defines evangelicalism? The document above, citing historian David Bebbington, defines four characteristics:\""
"111" "\"Get a pink chair.\""
"112" "\"Photo Credits: Homemint, Elle Decor, People Magazine, Estee Stanley\""
"113" "\"Our firm’s attorneys have been on both sides of the copyright argument and it is one thing to enforce your legitimate copyrights and preserve your intellectual property. It is entirely different to do what Righthaven is doing by starting numerous lawsuits – many of which do not appear to have any merit – as a shakedown.\""
"114" "\"Maar koi teer O Mirziya, khich ke wal Asmaan\""
"115" "\"Sometimes you get blinky in the eye and you miss it,\""
"116" "\"Speculation #1): Vendors want all IT dollars spent in hospitals to be spent only with their company.\""
"117" "\"\\"To Her Majesty the Queen, on her Diamond Jubilee; to our dear friends, David and Samantha; and to the great purpose and design of our alliance. May we remain, now and always, its faithful servants. Cheers, everyone,\\" President Obama said, as he raised a wine glass filled with water.\""
"118" "\"Sourcebooks Publication Date: October 1, 2010\""
"119" "\"So here is my official 2012 Resolution/Project List\""
"120" "\"Vocals performed by Vita & Ashanti.\""
"121" "\"Much to the contentment of Pokémaniacs the apple over, Nintendo and Bold Aberration accept assuredly brought a able Pokémon bold to the Nintendo DS with Pokémon Architecture and Pearl, and it delivers abundant of what a fan would desire—a richer, added abundant presentation, the adeptness to action and barter Pokémon over the Internet, and of course, added than 100 aboriginal Pokémon to collect. Like any of the bulk Pokémon amateur arise aback the aboriginal Red and Dejected hit in 1999, Architecture and Fair action some nice upgrades, but if you didn’t like Pokémon then, you apparently won’t affliction for it now. That said, it’s a little hasty how able-bodied the blueprint holds up in Architecture and Pearl, which is a attestation to the able fundamentals of the alternation as able-bodied as the aloft of the execution.\""
"122" "\"But times have changed, and the warehouse, which was designed in the Egyptian Revival style by Cass Gilbert, the architect of the Woolworth Building, has had a reversal of fortune.\""
"123" "\"Peace in the Storm Publishing\""
"124" "\"So now let's get onto our very first monthly challenge which we all agreed should be\""
"125" "\"“No daddy (or mommy)! Go away!” This usually means you a) haven’t quite woken up yet, b) are taking a VW sized poop, c) need a cocktail. No wait, that’s me.\""
"126" "\"by Todd Foust and Jennifer McNamara\""
"127" "\"Sandler plays Happy Gilmore, a blue collar loser who dreams of playing professional hockey, but lacks the skill. He inadvertently discovers he has a knack from driving a golf ball when he takesa bet with some movers who kicking his widowed grandmother out of her house. Gilmore begins taking driving bets with other golfers to earn money to save his grandmother’s house. He catches the eye of former pro golfer Chubbs Peterson (Carl Weathers) who convinces Gilmore to go pro.\""
"128" "\"The FTX-L 3G is a space-saving 100mm x 266mm module. It is housed in the standard Crystal Vision frames (available in 4U, 2U, 1U and desk top box sizes) which makes it very easy to transmit signals from any of the company’s interface, keying or picture storage modules, by making system wiring easier. Inputs and outputs are accessed using the RM55 frame rear module – conveniently the same rear module used for the FRX 3G receiver.\""
"129" "\"So let's get crafty!!!!\""
"130" "\"my neck, my thighs, my tongue\""
"131" "\"TommyCat looks like he could be Bob's brother. He's tall and thin and sleek and black. He lets me pet him in exchange for food, although he prefers not to be touched.\""
"132" "\"In case you haven't seen this film today, you need to take 10 minutes and watch it. If it doesn't make you happy, you have a stone cold heart.\""
"133" "\"...Plead for peace in the Middle East.\""
"134" "\"About 2 years ago, I was getting tired of the NYC grind and my visits to my sister became more frequent. On one of those visits I went apartment hunting for fun and I actually found a decent apartment in Nob Hill! So I decided to test SF out for a couple of months. A couple of months after that, one block away from my SF apartment, I found the space that was to become the TangoVida studio. Once again, I decided to \\"test it out\\".\""
"135" "\"My apologies for being gone for so long, but I promise I'll be back very soon with lots of beautiful pictures of things growing inside and out. Until then, enjoy the warm weather and make some ice cream!\""
"136" "\"You yourself maintain them in holiness.\""
"137" "\"Wow! What a Weekend!\""
"138" "\"I have been trying to look ahead to shows for the upcoming Fall and Christmas seasons.I really need to find some good shows to do but I am having very little luck.I have found a couple of local shows that I plan to get in on but I would like to find some more.I really need your help please.If you know of any good shows in the NC/SC area would you please let me know.You can either leave me a comment or you can email me tammywellman14@yahoo.com and please put shows in the subject.I know things are still not back to normal with the economy but I am hoping that things will soon start to look better.Well I will go for now and get ready for my favorite show The Biggest Loser.Thanks so much for any help you can give me.Have a nice night!\""
"139" "\"But my point is, we made our own choices. My parents didn’t choose for us. Now, was our choice a good choice? That’s debatable. Every one of you probably has an opinion on that. I'm sure my mother does.\""
"140" "\"Until everything becomes duller than you remember, or just harder to do.\""
"141" "\"So...now its my turn to share some of the love......I would like to share the award with these beautiful girls...\""
"142" "\"With the newly discovered trail the progress was good. By lunch time, whenever that was, we reached the same old watering hole. It was actually warm and sunny enough for people to dry closes and equipment and actually swim. Swimming is not a problem per se, even in that cold water. The problem is how to dry up after that. Some people swam in that whole. I didn’t. It wasn’t warm enough for my taste. But Venkad was swimming all the time. Perhaps different people have different levels of tolerance to not being showered. I didn’t mind. V have never swam (in all the trips I had with him I’ve never seen him swim). He did, however, shaved as soon as he had a chance.\""
"143" "\"If I had thrown in the towel I would've missed out on this! And THIS is what I dreamed of as a little girl.\""
"144" "\"There will be a student council meeting for all the grade reps and the executive members on Wednesday, at 11:25 in room 213. Please bring your lunch.\""
"145" "\"A strange look had come over Barry's face. 'What church was that?' he wanted to know. 'What town was it?' The Bitch answered in embarrassment, feeling possibly patronised - for god's sake, it was meant to be just a throwaway anecdote! She began to leave (to make a hasty retreat) and Barry said, his face impassive: 'Don't be surprised if you come across that incident in the next thing I write.'\""
"146" "\"The Centre for the Study of Education and Work (CSEW) brings together educators from university, union, and community settings to understand and enrich the often-undervalued informal and formal learning of working people. We develop research and teaching programs at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education (UofT) that strengthen feminist, anti-racist, labour movement, and working-class perspectives on learning and work.\""
"147" "\"The best part of summer is an early morning spent fishing at the river, guarded by a faithful dog who understands that sitting quietly as you cast out and reel in the line over and over again is its own reward, because when you finally reel in a fish all she’ll get to do is sniff the tailfin before you toss it in the cooler to save for dinner.\""
"148" "\"Thus with aerodynamics covered in some 23 pages, the text moves onto suspension and the expectation of detail on the RB5-6′s trademark pullrod rear suspension. After a summary of the purpose of an F1 cars suspension, Pages 58-59 have some fantastic CAD renderings of front suspension, uprights and hub layouts. However the rear suspension rendering stops short at the pull rod and no rocker, spring, damper layouts are detailed. Hardly a secret item, so lacking this detail is let down for a book announced as an RB6 workshop manual. A lesser point, but also highlighting the censorship of some fairly key technical designs, was the lack of any reference to Inerters (Inertia or J-Dampers), The suspension rendering simply pointing to the inerter and calls it the ‘heave spring’, while naming the actual heave spring damper as simply another ‘damper’. Inerters have been in F1 since 2006, predating Renault’s mass damper. Their design and purpose is well documented and shouldn’t be considered something that needs censoring. It’s also this section that fails to showcase the RB5-6 gearbox case. Instead using a pushrod suspended RB4 (2008) gearbox, albeit one made in carbon fibre.\""
"149" "\"These soft, light, rolled out delicious cookies are fun to make not only because cookie cutters and colored sugars are used, but the two step or overnight process means the dough is prepared one day and refrigerated. On the second day the rolling pin, pastry sheet and cookie cutters are used. So fun to bake with your children or grandchildren! There are also other times during the year when my cookie cutters and my red/white rolling pin are located and used. However, before Christmas they are always used!\""
"150" "\"Levon Helm has a very different story. Levon is the real deal. He was a musician and songwriter who lived to create. He was the drummer for the Band, for which he sang songs which feel as though they had always been there. ‘The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down’, ‘Rag Mama Rag’ and ‘Up On Cripple Creek’ are timeless pieces of Americana. He didn’t care about commercial success. He wasn’t looking to be famous. He was the Everyman. He sang for all the nameless men who populated the American landscape from it’s very inception. You can hear Daniel Boone, Davy Crockett, Jesse James, Mark Twain, and James Dean in his voice. He managed to achieve that universality, that anonymous timeless quality that Johnny Cash and Willie Nelson aspired to but whose vivid personalities prevented. Levon Helm is a ghost. He was totally devoted to the music and evoking the spirit of America with his work. Levon Helm wanted to blend into the background and be remembered by other musicians. He could care less about anything more than that. He will be missed because the honest ones come along infrequently. Most artists are swayed by the star making machinery, and it affects their artistry, Levon Helm stayed true to his muse.\""
"151" "\"I find it a lot easier to make bento for myself. I eat most food, so I have free reign of whatever ingredient I want, and in whatever portion I want.\""
"152" "\"I am a\""
"153" "\"Feel like you’re not reaching your full potential? Well, maybe you’re doing some things to sabotage yourself and you don’t even realize it. Here are 5 simple things you might be doing wrong that could pay off. Big time.\""
"154" "\"I am no stranger to RPGs. The game shelf on my solid wood bookcase is sagging, literally. Everything from Dark Conspiracy, Shadowrun, Call of Cthulhu, Cthulhutech, Star Wars, Mutants and Masterminds, Gamma World, D20 Modern, Paranoia, you name it I’ve at least read about it. I’ve even designed a system myself, I never published it but it was a classless RPG.\""
"155" "\"A play that ultimately makes everyone ask themselves regardless of ethnicity, where do you belong?, as one of the character puts it so well\""
"156" "\"Eyeshadow: Liquid Glaze-Purple – *Boom*\""
"157" "\"Alex Counts is president, CEO and founder of Grameen Foundation, and author of several books, including Small Loans, Big Dreams: How Nobel Prize Winner Muhammad Yunus and Microfinance are Changing the World.\""
"158" "\"Wanting to know more isn't a new idea--otherwise there would be no sequels, no trilogies, no director's cuts, no bonus material. I'm totally guilty of this--if a story grabs me, I want to know everything. The first time I saw Lady Jane, a fantastic movie about Jane Grey, the Nine Days' Queen, I went in search of everything I could find out about her and her short-lived marriage because what was on the screen was great, but Not Enough. (And that's just one example. Some of my dives into Google and Wikipedia are pretty epic.)\""
"159" "\"Just want asynchronous desire stacks\""
"160" "\"We respect Nigeria’s sovereign right to conduct her own internal affairs, however; we see the wisdom of supporting decisive action. We believe that developing a comprehensive strategy of rooting out corruption at the highest levels of the Nigerian government, implementing economic development plans for your northern citizens, respecting the rule of law, and formulating counterterrorism measures that compliment the increase in security funding, would be excellent steps to address the insurgency.\""
"161" "\"We're not told about what flavour is inside our dessert macarons, but one bite and it's a revelation of blue cheese. The filling has been made from gorgonzola dolce whipped with pepper, salt, a drizzle of honey and a small amount of butter for texture. The shells have been tinted green so beside the chilli pate de fruits they present a festival duo of red and green.\""
"162" "\"He turned toward her and said, “I told you this morning that I had something I wanted to talk about too.”\""
"163" "\"The surviving animals have been held at the Columbus Zoo.\""
"164" "\"While I was busy looking at all the flora, and probably walking funnily slow, I realised that I had bumped into somebody. It startled me and I started apologising even before I looked at them. It was a 2/3year old boy. Luckily he did not get hurt. The mother laughed at me and said like she would talk to a child, “It is not all your fault dear. Little Henry was as lost in looking at the nice plants as you. Aren’t they pretty?”.\""
"165" "\"If an urban renaissace can happen in the once violent stupid decaying shit hole that was New York City, it’s not impossible to think something similar could happen in the currently violent stupid decaying shit hole that is Detroit.\""
"166" "\"I cannot begin to describe what a fantastic experience i had at the Urban Sketching Symposium in Lisbon. I had the opportunity to meet so many amazing people from all over the globe. All of us sharing the same passion for capturing the world around us.\""
"167" "\"For a few days we thought Kaelyn was asking for an animal show when we would sit down to watch some television in the evening. Then I connected “eemols” show with her “eemols” book. Elmo. Not animals. I promptly set Sesame Street to record once a day, every day. While we tried hard not to push her towards Elmo or anything else for that matter, one of her youtube videos has ducks and Elmo. And she has always loved her lift-the-flaps Elmo book. Now she can watch Sesame Street after her nap while I’m making dinner. It is SO NICE. Except I miss what Sesame Street was when I was a kid. It is definitely not the same.\""
"168" "\"--I sat in amazing seats at the UT vs. Kansas State game, and watched the Horns lose. Just not their year.\""
"169" "\"I’ll see you soon……………\""
"170" "\"I was totally shot by the time I arrived in Johannesburg, and they have two terminals there, but they are not separated, and they are not properly signed, and I was so tired, Murphys Law, I went to the wrong terminal. And had to find my way back into the right terminal to get my luggage. Turns out this is a common problem, and I was not the only one. I was very surprised my luggage had made it, with all the delays and short time, but it did. R and his girlfriend met me, and R went with me to pick up the hire car.\""
"171" "\"Rating: 8/10. It's not Anchor Steam, but it's a very well put together beer in the American Ale style. I am a big fan; if you like Fat Tire but wish it had some more hops, this beer would be right up your alley. Go get some.\""
"172" "\"When I feel lazy about cooking something, I get some help from some products such as these Patack's jarred paste. I had curry paste from them and all I had to do was add meat, onion and diced tomatoes.\""
"173" "\"Now, I think I need to go make some cookies since the air works again.\""
"174" "\"hotel window, looking over Lake Zurich.\""
"175" "\"Now just because it’s a Prothean and its Day 1 DLC people are yelling and complaining that the game is now ‘no longer complete.’ And that the From Ashes DLC should be included day one on the disk. It appears people feel entitled to this content based on the early game script leaks that – without spoiling to much – included a Prothean character in the story.\""
"176" "\"Sure, sure, I can hear all the negative nellies now–something is bound to go wrong! What if the dead get hungry? Stuff and nonsense. I know exactly what I’m doing, okay? Nothing is going to go wrong, and when a zombie pulls you out of your burning car wreck because I had thoughtfully stationed a team of them on the shoulder of the Mass Pike, picking up litter, you can thank me later.\""
"177" "\"Matthew 4:23-24… (KJV) “And Jesus went about all Galilee, teaching in their synagogues, and preaching the gospel of the kingdom, and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease amount the people. And his fame went throughout all Syria: and they brought unto him all sick people who were taken with diverse diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which were lunatic, and those that had the palsy; and he healed them.” This scripture reveals the kinds of teaching, preaching and healing Jesus did.\""
"178" "\"So I decided to use it for the MK Block Party Entry\""
"179" "\"We should not have to and we will not accept this. The banks should be fully nationalised and run democratically in a way where the profits can go into funding the NHS, education and other public services and not the other way around as the government is currently doing. We could scrap the war in Afghanistan, the replacement of the trident nuclear weapons systems and end the financial scam of Private Finance Initiatives (PFI) which allows private companies to make huge amounts of money out of providing public services at a lower standard.\""
"180" "\"Alright, honestly? I've yet to read Twilight, and only cared to watch the first two movies. But then again, I haven't seen The Hunger Games movie yet either.\""
"181" "\"6.Garnish the kheer with ghee roasted chashews and raisens.\""
"182" "\"Cynjon Noah Welding. It's something that I've wanted to try my hand at for several years now, but has been put on hold until the house construction is finished. Priorities and all that jazz. There's just something appealing about large metal objects left outside to patina and age as they will...very tactile and visually pleasing to me.\""
"183" "\"promise of God is clear. If we love him and live our lives according to his\""
"184" "\"279 1. “Thursday Afternoons.” Kameshwar C. Wali, ed., S. Chandrasekhar: The Man Behind the Legend (London: Imperial College Press, 1997), pp. 122-29. (Sources: Item C-1996(2), above, Item D-VIII/31/1995, below.) See Items C-1997(12) and E-I/29/1999, below.\""
"185" "\"After having breakfast next to the creek, we packed up our gear and hit the trail. We took the Bright Angel trail out, which is longer than the Kaibab – over 9.5 miles (probably over 10 when you include our walk from the cabins to the official trail head) but less steep, so generally thought to be easier for the uphill journey. It also has more water along the way than the Kaibab – essential for a canyon hike, where the rangers recommend each person drink at least 2 liters on the way down and 2-3 on the way back up.\""
"186" "\"So do Hutchison Ports want the people of Felixstowe to return to those dreary times I had to suffer. At least, now the last midweek trains leave Ipswich at around 22:30.\""
"187" "\"18.Martin & Hobbs / Havana River Guide\""
"188" "\"the moment so vivid in the mind\""
"189" "\"Tailpiece\""
"190" "\"Very first picture is multiple images (5) stitched together in Photoshop.\""
"191" "\"Feel free to use it as you see fit, within reason of course. Hopefully at some point I'll turn up all literature I produced to go with it and upload that but in the meantime perhaps someone will find it useful as is.\""
"192" "\"Would be too much for us to take.)\""
"193" "\"Interestingly, though, I seem to have lost the list of blogs I've been following all along--I'm not sure why this has happened. But I wonder if it's something tied to my inability to comment on any blogs as well. There has been a lot I've wanted to say in response to some excellent entries over the past few months, and every time I have attempted to do so, I'm hit with the \\"choose an account\\"--and when I do, nothing happens. It's as though I've no account and am thus unable to sign in at all.\""
"194" "\"It is at this point that we see the effects of such a delirious lifestyle. The final scenes of the film move at a lugubrious pace, providing a sobering respite to the preceding hysteria. They depict human beings as individuals in naked isolation, doing whatever we can to find a foothold what is essentially an indifferent universe. Bewildered old men wander alone amidst the crowds, searching for some sort of direction; firefighters sift through the remnants of a residential inferno, while paramedics assist a vagrant off the street and into an ambulance. Inside a hospital, an elderly patient limply beats her withered hand against her bed until a nurse takes heed of her call and clasps the woman's hand in her own. Such simple interactions are imbued with enormous pathos by Fricke's delicate framing and Glass's elegiac choral arrangement, and the film closes with an upward gaze: the footage of an Atlas rocket on an unmanned test flight. As the rocket soars through a perfectly blue sky, it slowly veers off-course, then explodes; the resultant cloud of debris plummets slowly back to the Earth. The self-destructive nature of human society could hardly be more eloquently stated than through the visual analogy of a flaming piece of shrapnel spiraling downward against a flawless backdrop, an image which freezes on the screen before dissolving into the same pictogram which opened the film. This transition from fiery destruction to ultimate renewal segues perfectly into the admonitions posited by the Hopi, the Native American tribe from which Koyaanisqatsi derived its title. The Hopi prophecies which provide the film with its coda prove to be wholly prescient, warning of the dire consequences which await those who allow their own hubris to supersede their reliance upon the Earth. It is a message which remains as urgent today as when Reggio first pleaded his case for a saner world almost three decades ago.\""
"195" "\"The numbers from the hospital? You ready? This was after just TEN DAYS on a plant-based lifestyle change.\""
"196" "\"I got a bill from Cooley Dickinson Hospital for an appointment and procedure I never had and doesn't even apply to me but I can't get any answers until Monday and that's unnerving me.\""
"197" "\"To see your work in print. To share what you created. To encourage others to be creative. To find and connect with other people who have similar interests. To get mail. To make new friends. To create the publication you always wished existed. To share information. To educate. To change people’s minds. To teach yourself something new. To get something off your chest. To make yourself a better writer or artist. The reasons for publishing a zine are as diverse and unique as the individuals who create zines.\""
"198" "\"A lower belt might have better technique but that is just the physical manifestation. Not that it is not important to have good technique, but Aikido teaches us how to adapt and change to circumstances. That is what Aikido is – subtle change management. So what is there at the current moment will inevitably change, and the good technique has to give way to a better technique. If not then it is useless.\""
"199" "\"And beautiful.\""
"200" "\"(sigh)**\""
"201" "\"Avery Brewing Company Gemini\""
"202" "\"This is the second of several chapters in which we are investigating the SPI data bus, and how we can control devices using it with our Arduino systems. If you have not done so already, please read part one of the SPI articles. Again we will learn the necessary theory, and then apply it by controlling a variety of devices. As always things will be kept as simple as possible.\""
"203" "\"The point I'm getting at is NOT that the reader in question was wrong. I know this person wouldn't lie to me and I trust her judgement, but I think her tastes and mine probably overlap a lot less than I thought. There's no point my trying to write a book which does things differently to the books I'm really passionate about - how could I find enough passion to do a good job of it? - but that does mean that people who like different books, who are passionate about different things in writing, aren't going to be able to help me write a book I am passionate about as much as people who share my tastes are.\""
"204" "\"If you get excited about\""
"205" "\"Which is how it should be.\""
"206" "\"well. She took this small room and managed to fit\""
"207" "\"All living things fear being beaten with clubs.\""
"208" "\"All-in-all, it was a great snow play day for me and my boys. We added to the awesomeness of the day by bookending our fun in the snow with Krispy Kreme doughnuts on our way driving out to Snoqualmie and with Chipotle on our way driving back. I'm not sure why neither Krispy Kremer nor Chipotle have crossed the Puget Sound to open a location on the Kitsap peninsula yet. It was nice to get some while we were on the Seattle side of the water.\""
"209" "\"I used papers from My minds eye ‘tickled pink’ range. All the doilys were stamped with My minds eye ‘Stella and rose’ stamps (I sooooo love these stamps, they are just so pretty and stamp perfectly…I lurve them )\""
"210" "\"The rich get it in the summertime and the poor get it in the winter. ~Bat Masterson\""
"211" "\"Eating can be a challenging piece of it. You don’t want to offend Auntie Besty by declining her famous Pumpkin Cheesecake, but you also know that it will go directly to you hips (or spare tire). If you have the willpower to just have a bite or two (they say after 3 you don’t have the same experience anyway), go ahead and have those few bites. But if you know you can’t resist eating the whole slice (or TWO!), opt to slice a microscopic piece AND make sure to forgo the vanilla ice cream. Better yet, just have a bit or two off your sweetie’s! You shouldn’t completely forgo sweets during this fabulous season, but you also can’t eat every dessert that comes your way. You have to pick and choose what you want. Before you go to the party, decide on your priorities, would you rather have the hor’doreves or are you really in a dessert kind of mood? You really can’t have both. If there are 3 dessert options to choose from which one do you REALLY want or can you get itty bitty tastes of each?\""
"212" "\"If you raised your hand to any of those (except numero uno), then you will probably love this post.\""
"213" "\"Here's the site we did our goat butchering. Under the trees with pretty views all around.\""
"214" "\"My father was a bit more careful. One favourite image that remains with me is that of him walking through the gates, after a day spent saving hay, a straw hat shielding him from more freckles.\""
"215" "\"Steve Rendle is credited as the writer of the book and Red Bull Racing themselves have allowed close up photography of the car and its parts, as well as providing a lot of CAD images.\""
"216" "\"As for Mister Rogers himself.., well, he doesn’t look at the story in the same way that the boy did or that I did. In fact, when Mister Rogers first told me the story, I complimented him on being so smart–for knowing that asking the boy for his prayers would make the boy feel better about himself–and Mister Rogers responded by looking at me at first with puzzlement and then with surprise. “Oh, heavens no, Tom! I didn’t ask him for his prayers for him; I asked for me. I asked him because I think that anyone who has gone through challenges like that must be very close to God. I asked him because I wanted his intercession.”\""
"217" "\"2010- After 10 months straight on the upside the market suffers a 9% correction from January into February. It then rebounds strongly and puts in a major high in April. This is very similar to the run from March 2003- March 2004 in terms of time. Market then bottoms 2 months later. Market narrowly missed confirming new cyclical bear market. It wasn’t until 4 months later (late-August/early-September) that an uptrend was confirmed. The high from April wasn’t seen again until November. Cyclical bull continues into 2011.\""
"218" "\"Hoppin' Frog Frog's Hollow Double Pumpkin Ale\""
"219" "\"They walked along in silence for a while. They came to an iron grating set in the stonework. Some sort of overflow, perhaps? The grating covered a deep shaft. It was thrilling to look down it.\""
"220" "\"Keep the faith, people! Long live Haiti!\""
"221" "\"“Maybe a three.” If the pain persists longer then just a moment or two, she’ll probably give it a higher rating. And besides, the scale, like pain, is highly subjective.\""
"222" "\"My baby nephew also fell asleep whilst I was holding him, but not the first time. He didn't know me, and I guess I was nervous too, he was rather small and fragile, or at least he looked it. When it came to nappies he was a man's man. I did have the pleasure(?) of changing his nappie, and not only had he made a huge, orange poop, he peed on me. Not once, but twice. During the same nappie change.. I think I got the point, and got him dressed quickly. It was obviously a bit cold and he was suffering from bladder shrinkage. Or initiating me.\""
"223" "\"He comes to know what is beyond the veil.\""
"224" "\"Ahhh Monday, what a beautiful day of the week. How many post can I make about this wonderful day? Personally, I think millions. Yup, this is the day most people joke about, hate, and just wish was never around, but again today we need to stress the importance of a Monday.\""
"225" "\"With Dante now attending a public charter school, hubby and I were faced with the fact that he was going to have to learn and recite the (stupid) Pledge of Allegiance everyday. We waffled with the notion of teaching it to him beforehand without the whole \\"under god\\" phrase since it was not part of the original pledge and since Dante only knows the word \\"god\\" as being a word that we don't yell or use because it may \\"hurt people's feelings\\".\""
"226" "\"Upload your creations below.....and Let's Celebrate!!!\""
"227" "\"I selfishly grieved that the future is un-known. I admit that, he has arrested and captivated our hearts. We survive this coaster, by Christ alone.\""
"228" "\"The point is we have all seen very young children do both at the same time!\""
"229" "\"It's girly, but it's not your average pink glitter. The rainbow glitter adds something special and sets it apart. The formula was super good as well. It was opaque in two coats and it dried fast, as most glitters usually do. I topped it off with one coat of Color Club top coat to smooth it out.\""
"230" "\"In Britain, and elsewhere in Europe it has now been established in law that telling the truth can be a criminal offence (and we laughably still call ourselves a free society)\""
"231" "\"of your team. If you didn’t break through those hands that you tried to break through,\""
"232" "\"does not prohibit the Customs Authorities from determining infringement. It merely states that it is difficult to determine patent infringement unless there is already a judicial pronouncement on the point. It however does not prohibit the Customs authorities from determining cases of patent infringements. It merely states that ‘extreme caution’ needs to be exercised while determining patent rights. How then does a judge come to the following conclusions: “Mere reading of clause 4 makes it clear that as far as three violations, i.e., Patents, Design and Geographical Indications, are concerned, the defendants 2 and 3 are merely implementing agencies to enforce the orders, if passed by the Court in favour of the party pertaining to above mentioned three subjects and the custom department would be entitled to enforce the same.”\""
"233" "\"Go home, any point you wanted to make about the violence of others has been soured by the violence you have wrought.\""
"234" "\"Our eye is one of the most important organs of our body. That’s why, together with DepEd’s permission and guidance, the Vision Medix Eye Center provided comprehensive eye consultation and other services. It was held last February 16 from 9:30 am – 4:00 pm at LNHS covered court.\""
"235" "\"I love the smell of lavender. When I returned to the US, a basket of dried lavender was packed away into one of my many boxes. It took awhile to find it but as soon as I opened the box and pulled out the basket, the room was filled with the scent of summer adventures in France. Bicycle trips, river rafting, hiking and wonderful dinners under the stars. It helped me feel at home again in my home country. Enjoy!\""
"236" "\"\\"Yes, Our Lady was conceived without stain of Original Sin. She committed no Actual Sin in her life. We must aspire to root out sin and selfishness from our lives by embracing our crosses with joy, yes, with joy, for each and every one that comes our way. Each cross has been fashioned for us from all eternity by the very hand of God Himself. It is the means of our purification from sin, the means of sanctifying and thus saving our own souls, the means by which we can offer to the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus through her own Sorrowful and Immaculate Heart whatever merit we gain for bearing it without gratitude and with love...\\"\""
"237" "\"Most major brands have some kind of social media program. But never before, to my knowledge, has a major consumer brand made a social media program the centerpiece of its advertising and marketing.\""
"238" "\"that the nose that\""
"239" "\"B2 Dirty Too Long 2:37\""
"240" "\"Went to visit Helen Pearce in the morning. We had a look at her lovely townhouse then she took us to her daughter Merry’s house. They have 2 children so the kids had a good time while we had a good chat. Merry is lovely and it was a very relaxing visit. We left later than we expected and went to a great park in Burnside for lunch and a play before doing a cook’s tour of Dad’s places in Adelaide. We couldn’t go past PAC as the roads were closed for WOMADelaide but we went past his house, which was a nicer house and closer to the ABC building than I’d remembered. Auntie Bar’s original house at no. 17 was also a lovely old Adeliade-style house but no 1. looked dated and very run down but still with the same low mesh fence. We went past The Wilderness, which was very close by and then drove around the parklands (lovely and all labelled with Aboriginal names) past the river and the Adelaide Oval. The next morning we went back past the uni and saw the Chemistry building.\""
"241" "\"And did I mention there wasn't really a budget either, since I wasn't technically 'making it over?' Yay for paint and bargain accessories!\""
"242" "\"Susie Gydik (also spelled Guydik or Guydick) was the daughter of William and Mary Sedor (also spelled Sidor). She was born about 1898 in Starina (near Prislup) and came to the United States with her mother in 1903. She was a close friend of Anna Pereksta's and probably a cousin. Her father is believed to have been Anna's first cousin. She married Frank Gydik.\""
"243" "\"Dude way to throw me under the bus!\""
"244" "\"Polygonum tinctorium Lour.\""
"245" "\"What a powerful word of assurance this is for us! And what a picture of the inability of any of us to believe, even having all the wisdom of the Scriptures, without Christ’s taking the initiative to draw us. Even with all the preparation and instruction of the whole Old Testament, not a single one of his disciples believed during that hour of atonement. But Jesus will nonetheless chase them down with his Word, adding his blessing to the Word in order to infallibly draw every one of his own to himself.\""
"246" "\"saw it that I slowed a little and we kept our eyes on it. But as we came\""
"247" "\"The old town by the Cathedral is beautiful and full of history: Drury Lane theatres are not only in London; the Bull Ring not only in Birmingham. So there is more to Wakefield than rhubarb – and actually the infamous rhubarb festival is only six years old. But if you do decide as a town to brand yourself on rhubarb, surely the coffee shops and tea rooms should be getting in on the act: why didn’t I see any rhubarb tart, rhubarb crumble or even rhubarb cake to have with my cuppa?\""
"248" "\"- Burning Mein Kampf must become a hate crime punishable by hanging with piano wire.\""
"249" "\"Is the Queen's realm the same thing as the human town? That doesn't make much sense to me.\""
"250" "\"Discussed the definitions of “hick” and “redneck”…\""
"251" "\"Contest Rules:\""
"252" "\"to impress the rest,\""
"253" "\"And did I mention, it is crazy easy? I usually do this right after I've finished chopping a whole bunch of apples for a recipe (like this one), but you can also stick apple peels and bits in the freezer, if you're doing one apple at a time. Then when you've accumulated enough apple peels to your liking, you can use them!\""
"254" "\"While all this has been going on, my hubby was laid off starting June 1st! The refinery where he worked was slated to be shut down but it has been bought by a new company that has already started to refurbish and get it ready to reopen some time early next spring. Hubby is supposed to start back by October or November (it may be even sooner) so in the meantime, we are getting things done around the house and taking a few short trips. The refinery where he works is the only one on the east coast of the US that can process sour crude (crude oil from the Middle East) and I was sure it would never actually be shut down, but it was scary until it was announced in April that it had been sold! Yeah!! A lot of thanks goes to our great governor here in Delaware and his staff who worked tirelessly to get the deal done. They also were able to get a deal with Fisker Automotive to start producing electric cars in the old GM plant here in Delaware. All in all over 3000 people will be brought back to work thanks to their quick thinking and determination to get the state 'back to work'. Thank you, Governor Markell!!!!\""
"255" "\"With colder weather forecast in these parts, there's a chance the outside water supply might freeze at some time between now and Christmas, so I reckon it's a good idea to get a brew on while the going's good.\""
"256" "\"There are certain situations and circumstances that we cannot avoid nor do we have full control of. That is why most of the time, we should be prepared that the things that may happen. In our house, certain incident would happen like breaking of pipes or electrical and technical problems may occur.\""
"257" "\"12. Rusty Cage\""
"258" "\"UPDATE 5/1:\""
"259" "\"But with so many choices\""
"260" "\"To celebrate, from 5.30pm onwards, visitors get to visit the island for free. Only on 29 and 30 January 2011. A great day to spend Saturday night with friends and family.\""
"261" "\"The next I know, fellow bloggers, breweries, brew masters, distributors, brewery owners, and even CEO's were sending me messages and other \\"goodies\\". This was shocking to say the least. I honestly didn't know how to react to it.\""
"262" "\"President Castro, who wore a straw hat against the sun, waved and smiled at the marchers but did not speak, leaving that to Communist Party official and labor leader Salvador Valdes Mesa.\""
"263" "\"Admittedly, i have been playing with you here. Yes, being mad is a state of mind and that state should actually be encouraged in another way. You see, being M.A.D. as the way i define it, is to always be Manifesting (an) Abundant Destiny.\""
"264" "\"\\"The story of the Boers in Chubut is a remarkable one, in terms of privation, hardship and loss,\\" says Tony Leon, the former Democratic ­Alliance leader and now South African ambassador to Argentina, who, with his wife, has been living in Buenos Aires for just over a year.\""
"265" "\"wind disturbing\""
"266" "\"\\"No\\" I gasped. I couldn't believe it. I was ecstatic.\""
"267" "\"Oh Holy Hell just run for the hills now….Seriously…grab the women and children and HEAD FOR THE HILLS….\""
"268" "\"1. Sieve maida, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon powder and set aside.\""
"269" "\"Thank God for gracious friends!\""
"270" "\"The media landscape continues to shift as new technologies demand new business strategies, but one thing must remain constant during this transition period: credibility. We understand the company needs flexibility to make decisions quickly, and we have afforded the company that flexibility with a labor agreement that allows the company to change newsroom operations and reduce the workforce. However, the Guild has serious doubts that the decision by management to slash the ranks of copy editors will result in a more efficient newsgathering process. Instead, we believe it will result in a loss of credibility as more mistakes and errors appear in print and online.\""
"271" "\"So there it is. Lessons we can learn from the Trash Man. Keep your mind open and look for learning opportunities in non-traditional settings. The world has a lot to teach us ……if we are willing to listen.\""
"272" "\"Cheerful conversations\""
"273" "\"B. Does it make a difference if:\""
"274" "\"Associate Professor\""
"275" "\"No, no no no no - I'm going to hold in my urge to hunt down and lash out until I can wrap my head (and yours) around the \\"how\\"s and \\"why\\"s of Cool World, and explain how this could have possibly passed muster for a man who should have known better.\""
"276" "\"And now, for today's creation:\""
"277" "\"Freeway opponents began a new push to remove the freeway rather than repairing it, and they succeeded now that freeway backers could no longer say that the traffic displaced from the freeway would create gridlock on local streets. Herb Caen changed his position and supported removing the freeway rather than repairing it. The main opponents were Chinatown merchants, who claimed that their business declined by 15 to 40 percent after the earthquake.\""
"278" "\"The movies which I plan on choosing are movies that have impacted my life in such a way that I can actually quote the entire movie!\""
"279" "\"Next time I'll have a good beer review for you all who have been waiting so patiently for it, and trust me it will be more than well worth the wait. In the mean time, I'm going to experiment more with wine cork art (unfortunately not with this one) and sip on my Maker's Mark Mint Julep while listening to Buckcherry's Ridin'.\""
"280" "\"19And Joshua said to the people, You are not able to be the servants of the Lord, for he is a holy God, a God who will not let his honour be given to another: he will have no mercy on your wrongdoing or your sins.\""
"281" "\"Here it is with the cover removed:\""
"282" "\"From Wikipedia.org\""
"283" "\"Rob Kardashian\""
"284" "\"In addition to the Keep Swimming Mermaid, Becky Oehlers and True =D Doodle Designs both also donated digis that are for sale (you can purchase Becky's octopus as a clear stamp as well). Direct donations are also being accepted. Information central is HERE. This is a permanent page that will stay active at i {heart} papers with current information and the full 3 day blog hop listing, as well as the donation button.\""
"285" "\"“Bullshit,” Alec retorted.\""
"286" "\"It was God Himself who carried the Word, the ideas or thoughts as well as the expression of His thinking and wishing, in Himself because every thought every word, every expression, was part of Himself.\""
"287" "\"Herzer, I. (1989) The Italian refuge: Rescue of Jews during the holocaust. Washington, D.C.: Catholic University of America Press\""
"288" "\"\\"BF's vent to each other as well. That is, there are situations that we can't change, or have a game plan for, but we simply need someone to blow off steam about it. It feels better to complain about something that frustrates you, even if nothing will really happen as a result of the conversation.\\" \\"It has nothing to do with fixing, changing, or giving advice.\\"\""
"289" "\"I think I have said so much about this already, but it sometimes occurs to me that it’s not enough. How would you like to go to jail for the crimes committed by your great grandfather? Oh yes, it happens in India.\""
"290" "\"Here's a view from the trail up French Creek, a tributary of the Allegheny River that was named by George Washington in 1753:\""
"291" "\"It’s difficult to be sure, as Anna’s voice seemed to come ready-made, though I did work hard on trying to get the language right. I think I probably based her voice partly on my own children when they were young, and partly on myself. I didn't deliberately go out and look for feedback from people of that age. Or not till much later.\""
"292" "\"It is still unknown whether the rice-farmings migrants that landed in Japan two thousand years ago also brought with them a writing system, Lee added.\""
"293" "\"I have my formal observation next week and I'm getting pretty worked up about it already-obviously since I'm writing about in on Friday night and it's not until next Friday. I feel like I have prepared but the observation evaluation has changed, I'm new to the school, I know my principal has had a lot on her plate i.e. she is a little crabby, and everyone staff and kids are ready for spring break! Eeek! What on earth was I thinking schedule this observation on a Friday just four days away from spring break and 2 days away from field day?! Well I actually didn't want it to be so late but since my principal is so busy this was the only time available.\""
"294" "\"Local councils are not there to run the banks. They are there to make a difference locally.\""
"295" "\"Within this digital trans-mutational pages of this blog I'm sure if you hadn't already had your eye on this baby, I hope my inspiration and your dark side of your conscience lead you to triumph.\""
"296" "\"It would be nice if these styles took off as I think they open up so many new flavor palates. For this particular beer I had a very focused flavor profile I was going for. From previous experience with Brett Drie in my Best Bitter (almost a 1.5 yr ago), I know it produces some huge fruit flavors when young. Especially tropical flavors like guava, mango, papaya (think the popular Hawaiian drink POG). To follow-up with this, there are two main ways you can go with flavor blending - contrasting or complementing. I decided to go for something that would re-enforce the tropical fruit flavors - Nelson Sauvin hops. My first exposure to these hops was in Alpine Brewing's Nelson, which is wildly popular. My first time trying it, it took me by surprise because I was expecting a big citrus hop flavor typical of many West Coast IPAs and this beer has a soft fruit flavor. And at that point the \\"Sauvin\\" in the name started to make sense because of the relationship to white wine flavors.\""
"297" "\"The office I work in delivers both therapy and medical care for the Trans population. The woman I work with is an amazing therapist and doctor, everyone that meets her feels better afterwards. I take care of everything other than the therapy and medical care. I take all the first calls and questions, the intakes and emails. I speak with surgeons, doctors and therapists often. I bolster parents and talk down teens. Doesn’t that sound altruistic and kind?\""
"298" "\"“I don’t know. But something is wrong. You’re behaving all wrong. You don’t behave this way.”\""
"299" "\"its been a rough time off and on though, I was going through year books and boxes from highschool and found a letter that nate wrote me, I thought I had been doing pretty good it was like some days I still felt like everything was ok , but other days with no warning or cue I just feel like someone has kicked me square in the chest and all my air is gone and my heart sinks deep into the pit of my stomach, Its like im 15 years old sitting there next to him and then he is gone, and I am alone no matter how many people are there around me.. daron and all my friends are trying so hard to support me but some days I just can’t help but burst into tears , I can’t imagine a world that my best friend isn’t in, I can’t imagine where I would be had he not always been there for me... it’s like the world should just be frozen in place. I think about the fact that im 21 years old ... 21! I have a house a husband a really good job , but when it comes down to it, I have so much left to learn so many things to do still some days I wake up just excited about what the day holds... im just a kid and so was He.. that is the feeling that knocks my heart from my chest the feeling that he’s never going to get to do the things im doing, and He was gonna do so much, he had such a big heart He was bright and filled with life .always took care of me - he walked me to every class my freshman year . I wrote in my diary when I was 11 that nate was the first boy I ever loved , he was also the first boy who ever told me he loved me the funny thing was, I kissed him one time we were 13(took me a few years to work up the courage) and we both said YUCK YUCK never agian – I know right?? (Some friendships are just meant to be) but from that point on he was always there for me always by my side. when Tim and my mom used to fight we used to lay on the roof and watch the stars , he was the one who helped me move outof their house he always believed in me i moved out got a job and look at me know thanks to him.I thought I was so much braver than I am I don’t feel brave at all anymore.\""
"300" "\"It doesn't say, \\"Imagine we fixed our country.\\" It dares the listener to imagine there is no country to begin with. It compels us to \\"imagine\\" a world that is radically different in ways that most of us -- myself included -- take for granted.\""
"301" "\"Use liver of sulfur or another chemical patina to highlight the stamped letters.\""
"302" "\"I mean this place is, as Jorunn said, one of the best in Norway, and I don't think that there is anyone who wouldn't find something they like in there.\""
"303" "\"The company is apparently taking some time to respond to the urgent questions that have been put and it is believed that there may be further delay over the public holiday.\""
"304" "\"I ask because I am thinking of packing my waffle iron on my holiday trip home. I’m sure I could put it in my checked bag, but perhaps then my clothes would smell like waffles on arrival. This would not be entirely unpleasant.\""
"305" "\"*UK and Ireland only. Winners will be chosen at random and contacted by email after the closing date. Information will not be saved to our database. Dogs Trust reserves the right to re-draw names if the entry is incomplete, so please remember your name and address.\""
"306" "\"George\""
"307" "\"Anyhow, I knew Miss F would approve. And guess who was signed up for snack at the first meeting of the new year? The Spaz. You can see where I'm going with this.\""
"308" "\"So you take a little something to make them go away\""
"309" "\"Then I had kids, and that all changed. I realized that the questions Just. Don't. Stop.\""
"310" "\"suppose one fallen morning i failed to arise from beneath the frayed blue duvet that was my shelter\""
"311" "\"Anyway, while I'm working out/sledding, I watch something. Preferably, a show that will make me pine for the next episode, so that I'll be motivated to work out again.\""
"312" "\"Box office sales are the mark of popularity. They measure how many have flocked to the theatres and are willing to pay to see a movie. Low ticket sales of course is related to how widely released the movie is, but it also gauges popular taste. There’s the rub, would the Academy members vote for a movie that has been seen by just a fraction of the viewing public? Would they judge a movie only on its artistic and technical merits rather than the sales it generates?\""
"313" "\"In December, 2009, Betsy and I spent a couple of days in Brevard, North Carolina, visiting waterfalls. Since it was cold while we were there, we didn’t have to worry about crowds on the trails, although we did meet a few other hardy souls.\""
"314" "\"Even in person, something shifted with Amanda: my last meeting with her felt more like a chance for her to indoctrinate me with her philosophy on record labels, rather than allowing me to thank her for the music during a difficult time in my life. She was too busy espousing her clever views with the Danger Ensemble to actually pause and truly greet anyone.\""
"315" "\"The political splits between the bourgeoisie and the rural, between elites and the masses, between its Ottoman past and its Western present – have muddled and burdened Greece with unnecessary fights and tension.\""
"316" "\"polyachka: so which part do you care the most – making education more interactive and fun by using technology or giving computers to the developing countries so that they can connect to the world and improve their well-being?\""
"317" "\"For the past several days of Vacation Bible School, the children were encouraged to bring their parents, grandparents and friends to this Sunday service. Today, they would parade into the sanctuary, assemble in front of the altar and perform songs in culmination of all they had learned during the week. To the delight of the congregation, they sing songs about God, of course, and about loving one another. And just as many generations have sung before them, they often sing about the joy, joy, joy, joy down in their hearts and about being happy, so very happy. The last verse of the song really gets them excited.\""
"318" "\"Falling on their knees they bow before the humble Prince of Peace\""
"319" "\"Something Else Came Up\""
"320" "\"I tried rolling just an inch or two on my head, and my neck hurt. I tried starting with my head almost flipped around so I wouldn’t have too far to go. I tried starting in a yoga tripod position (which I can’t really do, either). I couldn’t do it. Every time the crucial moment–when I had to flip my legs over–came, I started thinking about how this seemed really dangerous and my legs were a lot longer than they had been when I used to do somersaults. Couldn’t I really injure my neck, head, or legs, depending on how they flailed and where they landed? Did I want to end up in the ER simply because I was trying to do a trick not meant for adults? What was I trying to prove, anyway? There are some things that are only suitable for children, and that’s okay.\""
"321" "\"Now go analyze the movie DIRTY DANCING -- the older versions are better for this exercise. It's erotica, but by the standards of a culture long gone and buried, so you should be able to see the silent conversation with an alien's eye. By the older cultural standards, this film was \\"edgy\\" -- i.e. on the edge of what is publicly acceptable. Compare the older and newer versions for another lesson.\""
"322" "\"Can you name that tune? Can ya Sheena? Don’t tell me I sang off key, I will have a shit-fit. Lollers. So I was witnessing this conversation about making friends with anger, and anger is my bff, so I know a lot about it so of course instantly thought of PIL’s “Rise” you know “Anger Is An Energy! We will all Rise Anew! Yay Mr. Rotten! He inspires me ‘n shit.\""
"323" "\"naps, food weather temperature and became very concerned\""
"324" "\"2 c. unbleached all-purpose flour\""
"325" "\"Why have they made everyone cry? What is their problem?\""
"326" "\"Not yet anyway!\""
"327" "\"(2) The middle and lower classes haven’t done anything to deserve them.\""
"328" "\"“There are persons who, when they cease to shock us, cease to interest us.”\""
"329" "\"Oh well, we will just keep looking, if it is meant\""
"330" "\"After Harris and family were moved to a hotel, the NOI hit squad continued its fevered search for him.\""
"331" "\"...... not a meltaway from a great little bakery, but they did the job after school today.\""
"332" "\"The possibilities are endless. The key is to stop listening to others MORE than you listen to yourself. Start listening to the beat of your heart. The heart knows what it wants; thoughts in our head talk us out of pursuing our true passion – whatever sets our soul on fire.\""
"333" "\"Taking to heart the advice to “write what you know,” I began by combining the things I knew and loved best—children and history. After five years of rejection, I sold my first historical novel for young readers to a legendary New York publishing house. For the next several years, I published a new historical novel every year—bringing to children stories of the Oregon Trail, the fall of the Alamo, the Great Plains drought, and the coming of the Civil War to the South.\""
"334" "\"“I think the young people in Ireland – and I’m back and forth all the time – they’re seeing that America isn’t the place to go, which is kind of sad in some ways, but who can blame the kids for going where the opportunities are?”\""
"335" "\"You see that video above, yes, click on it. It's only about 5 minutes but the lyrics and the \\"main character\\" in the song is truly the reason I'm alive and breathing today, same goes for you, even if you don't want to admit it.\""
"336" "\"Many thanks to Kevin for agreeing to this interview.\""
"337" "\"Reasons to be fit # 0018 “…because endorphins are the best antidepressant.”\""
"338" "\"Completely. Beyond. Me.\""
"339" "\"There is nothing About Sharktopus that displeases me. From the wonderfully joyous title theme music to the man, the icon Eric Roberts, from the early morning drinking, sea faring radio DJ (who became my new hero) and his bikini clad assistant to the folk dancing, fire brandishing display team. It was a joy from start to finish. But most importantly it’s about a ruddy shark/octopus hybrid for flip’s sake, I really don’t need to say anything more than that.\""
"340" "\"All I can say in conclusion Flo is that all of this is the absolute truth. All of it. Let me add one last bit of info for you. In DNA paternity testing, a child will usually share a marker w/each parent, however, up to 2 exclusions are allowed, for particular markers, as they can mutate. In the 13 marker test between Jes and I? Flo, we share 9 of 13 markers – that is only 2 above the threshold that could have made him my (birth) father. If you were to see the numbers between all of us? You’d know beyond a shadow of a doubt that all of this is true. I also asked Debbie to submit her DNA for testing. Ie: I wanted to see by what ratio she & I matched since she & I are known 1st cousins. We match by the same ratio that Jesse & I match the Presley side & the same ratio that Jesse matches the Smith side.\""
"341" "\"(Make my own mix of cola/citrus/cherry/tuttifrutti)\""
"342" "\"Inspired by the Montorgueil collection, the Eva clutch is chic, urban and a touch Bohemian. Baptised after the top model, Eva Herzigava, it can be carried by three different ways.\""
"343" "\"Press the button on her shoe to hear her talk and sing.\""
"344" "\"Art school will definitely benefit you as an artist. Your innate talent will benefit from the proven concepts and techniques you can learn here. It may be that you already know the basics and the techniques of your art. Rest assured that there are always things the art school can teach you that you won't already know.\""
"345" "\"Termination provisions vary widely. They can be limited to expiration or invalidity of the patents, to a definite time period for know-how and/or to breach of the agreement by either party. With respect to breach or default, it is common to provide that the licence can be terminated if the breach or default is not cured within a 60-day period following notice of the offence. Breach or default is usually determined in arbitration.\""
"346" "\"My lover is to me a sachet of myrrh\""
"347" "\"So the question is if you have a bit of money at this moment; but, you know that you will not have this money in the future, which tools would you purchase to improve your self sufficiency?\""
"348" "\"Off in the distance I heard the familiar sound of our chainsaw and decided to bring my camera outside while I caught up to Henri. It was surprisingly mild and so I took a little look around dreaming of when I may get back into the garden.\""
"349" "\"I want to kick off this week’s column by wishing a happy birthday to Carl Bradford, who has been a RIOC bus operator since 1979. We thank Carl, who celebrated his birthday last week, for his many years of service and continued hard work.\""
"350" "\"4 TBSP coarse sanding sugar\""
"351" "\"1But now those who are younger than I make sport of me; those whose fathers I would not have put with the dogs of my flocks.\""
"352" "\"Place: St. Francis College, Founders Hall\""
"353" "\"Truth is timeless. Truth does not differ from one age to another, from one geographical location to another. Men’s ideas may differ, men’s customs may change, men’s moral codes may vary, but the great all-prevailing Truth stands for time and eternity.\""
"354" "\"After lunch we drove through more fascinating red, outback, desert to Marree for a pit stop and then on towards the lake.\""
"355" "\"I like Alice. Her self doubt makes her relatable. I appreciate the fact that she challenges life. What is reality? And, she can make sense of her imagination.\""
"356" "\"In the end, our session was a romantic success. I was able to capture a vintage classic feel and give it a little bit of my creative twist to it and capture the essence of their newest chapter in their lives.\""
"357" "\"Michele Gondry, director of \\"Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind', came to town last night for an in depth talk at the Walter Reade Theater (NYC's best screen & projection system). I shot some pix, listened to stories about Bjork, Jim Carrey, Kate Winslet, and the Green Hornet, and got to see his black & white Levi's commercial (with a nod to Walker Evans & O. Winston Link, I believe) on the big screen.\""
"358" "\"That's all for now. I have some cute projects that I've been working on and I hope to get to share them soon!\""
"359" "\"This was how Gramsci thought of his own role as editor first of Avanti! and then of L'Ordine Nuovo. He also helped found the PCI paper, L'Unita. For Gramsci regarded the role of newspapers as absolutely primary in the building of the party and the class.\""
"360" "\"What’s it about? Well, I am keeping that to myself. For now. The script isn’t ready to be read. I’m going to take a red pen to that sucker and make it better. But not right now. I have some other projects that need finishing first.\""
"361" "\"Writing had been, always was, what I was aiming for all my life.\""
"362" "\"I’m not getting enough sleep, which I know isn’t healthy and impedes weight-loss. That’s my own fault and something I need to adjust in my evening schedule to fix. Despite that, the skirt that I wore to work today is definitely looser than it was a month ago when I last wore it.\""
"363" "\"9:30 – Don’t Trust the B— in Apartment 23 (ABC): June is devastated when she receives a wedding invitation addressed to her and her ex-fiancé, so Chloe tries to bolster her confidence—and does too good a job. No thanks.\""
"364" "\"ABV=6.681%\""
"365" "\"H.G. Wells: My name is H.G. Wells. I came here in a time machine of my own construction. I am pursuing Jack the Ripper, who escaped into the future in my machine.\""
"366" "\"And we were riding float #116 out of about 130 floats, with horses, football teams, marching bands, and the like interspersed throughout.\""
"367" "\"This is the attitude we need to take in our approach to life change. It’s not always a pitched battle against the self though. Sometimes, its tactical warfare, sometimes, its strategic meal skipping, sometimes it’s letting yourself run out of cookies, sometimes its just tracking how often you do something to make a habit. It is still warfare and it has an effect. The old habits are eventually defeated and pacification of the “occupied territory” begins and we move on to new levels of growth.\""
"368" "\"At around 20 feet off the ground it’s my highest I’ve ever jumped on. But hey it’s only a sneek preview. I’ll jump 30 feet on Ariel’s Point on the mainland. Then 50 feet off the cliffs of Malapascua in Cebu. This kid likes to die hard. And my reward for that act of bravery (and foolishness) is a painful dose of sun burns. Don’t ever touch my back kiddos (it hurts).\""
"369" "\"I get why a crime might be bigger news. But the gap in attention is way out of whack.\""
"370" "\"Remove the pandan leaf, serve hot or chilled.\""
"371" "\"Moreover, Seligmann performed the role the accuser had assigned to Adam, the sometime groom in the accuser’s tale. (In one version, Adam was getting married; in another, Matt was.) Adam did many other things, according to the accuser—he and Kim Roberts helped her get dressed; he then joined Roberts in helping her to the car.\""
"372" "\"Call the 24-hour National Button Battery Ingestion Hotline at 202-625-3333 IMMEDIATELY. Feel free to call collect. Your physician or emergency room may also call. We are on duty 24-hours a day, 7 days a week.\""
"373" "\"Do you just love a beautiful seashell chandelier? I've been thinking a lot about shell chandeliers lately. I do love them, if they're well executed. This dining room, from the pages of House Beautiful, sports a darling chandelier. The over all effect of the room is light-hearted, relaxed, and just a bit whimsical.\""
"374" "\"Drug offences have actually fallen slightly in the last 10 years, from 524 in 2002 to 441 in 2011.\""
"375" "\"The impressions were nothing to write home about, and the jokes were second-rate versions of those from the first Mort Mort sketch. C+\""
"376" "\"There are many ways to cook potatoes. One of my favorite is soya sauce potato.\""
"377" "\"These photos were taken during Easter weekend when my husband and I were visiting relatives in Upstate New York. It was a cold, blustery day. I guess it was the blustery part that lured this kitesurfer and kite onto the water.\""
"378" "\"What a great way to enjoy lunch and help others!!!!\""
"379" "\"So often Welles became his own worst enemy; no one wanted to work with him because he couldn't stop suggesting things, and then eventually suggesting so many things he tried to take over the picture. He did best when a good director and rest of cast was able to at least hold their own and not let his portly ego capsize the vessel. This might be the reason John Huston didn't cast him as Ahab in MOBY DICK, for example, but gave him one long sermon to cut loose in (as the preacher) then left him on the dock.\""
"380" "\"Interviewing candidates after the hustings, they seemed to have been happy with the event. A comparatively low turnout could be blamed on a lack of PR for the event, and frankly, we’ve all got exams to be studying for, but it ensured that those students who actually came along were interested in the election. I’ll admit I was surprised at the lack of animosity between the candidates, particularly the Tory candidate, who was far from the baby-murdering monster that Tories are often portrayed as in the West of Scotland. He was actually pretty sound, although admittedly, knowing he’s going to get gubbed might do that. Fatalism can have a wonderfully calming effect on people.\""
"381" "\"5. Glue one end of the folded piece to another, as shown in the photo.\""
"382" "\"I was one of those hippies who avoided liquor in favor of junky red wine, and didn't have my first martini until I was in my 30s.\""
"383" "\"Just something for you to think about-$39.95 is a great price for a pair of shoes! Let me know if you give it a try and find something fabulous! Hope your weekend is full of wonder and amazement!\""
"384" "\"If you see Lazarus raised from the dead and you are a simple shepherd, fisherman or generic peasant who knows nothing about comas, it seems a rock-solid 100% miracle. But it is not so amazing.\""
"385" "\"Hello everyone, we're back! Alive!\""
"386" "\"I don’t know why I’m unable to be completely honest with T. I know I should, since the only person I’m hurting by sticking with something that isn’t working anymore is myself. Terry said something in her comment to me that clicked with me: “as you continue to heal, your feelings will change, and maybe this is one area that really has”\""
"387" "\"The last Monday of my life as a student was wrapped with a final grade of 2.75 in Media Law but who cares about grades when all you can think of is uncertainty? IN SO MANY ASPECTS.\""
"388" "\"We started with the combination plate which had lots of lovely little delights such as deep fried shrimp, Taquitos and of course the Jalapeño poppers. My favourite part was the beautiful dips of taquito and a pan asian salsa, they were so flavoursome. I have since found out they sell these by the litre, so I will be going back to get those very soon.\""
"389" "\"Last but not least--don\\"t put all your eggs in one basket!!!\""
"390" "\"Fantasie in G major (1868)\""
"391" "\"Hubby and I decided to clean the ceiling fans this morning. It will soon be ceiling fan season here in the UK. While doing the job we realised that our vacuum cleaner has seen better days. So at lunchtime we headed out to have a look at them. We quite often order stuff on online but I think when it comes to a vacuum cleaner it’s good to test the weight and such before you buy. So we came home with a lovely new vacuum cleaner which was promptly assembled and tested on the living room carpet and it picked up a lot more dust and dirt than the last one. It’s magic.\""
"392" "\"“Then in a year you would be recalled here for a time of rest before a new assignment would be found. As for your sister, the priests who have been caring for her will let you know the second she awakes, and obviously immediate transportation would be arranged for you to return here, just as we would for others who’s close relatives still lie in comas.”\""
"393" "\"Upgrade them!\""
"394" "\"Nick and I have just finished reading John Steinbeck’s Of Mice and Men. He usually has about three novels going at once – one for fun, one for his history class in our homeschool co-op, and one of my recommendations, such as this Steinbeck classic.\""
"395" "\"DEFINES RIGHTEOUSNESS….\""
"396" "\"There was also concern that course reductions would further increase the time between enrollment and graduation, negatively impacting Santa Monica’s rate of transfer into 4-year colleges.\""
"397" "\"This is what happens when you feel feisty and want to play a prank on a coworker:\""
"398" "\"Thatcher removed the enemy of her ideology by destroying the unions and industrial communities, but this has come back to haunt those who believed this would see the return to a more stable and acquiescent society. Firstly such destruction created despair, which saw many industrial communities overwhelmed by Heroin addiction, and then later, almost its counterpoint, Ecstasy, and the raves that occupied the abandoned industrial spaces and represented new hedonistic communities for those deserted by the decline in old ways. Both these phenomena led to the ugly expansion of criminal gangs, now capable of making much higher profits through drugs, who now offer a seemingly easy route to money, power, status and belonging for those with few other opportunities, filling the vacuum in many communities left by the decline of previous power structures.\""
"399" "\"My daughter (7) decided this morning to make her own bowl of cereal without ANY assistance.\""
"400" "\"And then I went home, emptyhanded, and had some pizza.\""
"401" "\"The prize that she is offering to the winner of this challenge is this Hannah Lynn Fragile Heart stamp.\""
"402" "\"The logic is perverse. If we find Abdulmutallab in an al-Qaeda training camp in Yemen, where he is merely preparing for a terror attack, we snuff him out with a Predator -- no judge, no jury, no qualms. But if we catch him in the United States in the very act of mass murder, he instantly acquires protection not just from execution by drone but even from interrogation.\""
"403" "\"919-272-7168\""
"404" "\"But unfortunately, there’s something implanted in my brain that stops me from such spontaneity and downright irresponsibility, stops me from picking up the crack whore on the corner, stops me from ingesting meth, stops me at beer 6, stops me from cheating on my wife, stops me from slapping the fuck out of people when they really deserve it, stops me from trying to fly from every bridge I cross and keeps me only smoking pot occasionally.\""
"405" "\"There will be a new challenge posted every week, instead of every 2 weeks. There will be different types of challenges posted here every Monday!! Each week will stay the same from month to month; when there is a fifth week in a month, the last week will be an extra week to participate for challenge 4.\""
"406" "\"Hence Thabo Mbeki's calling the country's first democratic election in 1994 as \\"an African Renaissance\\".\""
"407" "\"On top of that, we sponsor tons of races through the year, ladder events, qualifiers for several classes, Pan Am trials, etc. Plus, our sailors participate actively in all the local West Coast PHRF big boat circuit.\""
"408" "\"I didn't expect it to change so easily or so well but my new dreamt up Laundry Makeover works!!! With very little effort I have successfully kept up on laundry for a solid month. \\"Kept up\\" is the wrong wording. I feel like I'm not even doing it anymore! It's so simple! What was I thinking, why did it take me so long to realize that the way I was doing things was simply not working?\""
"409" "\"- Sending a query that has clearly not been proofread\""
"410" "\"Saturday 20th\""
"411" "\"With the filming resuming it looks as though the May 13th episode of ’1 Night 2 Days’ will be broadcasted normally. Previously the high lights from the September ‘Viewers’ Special’ episode was aired as a special.\""
"412" "\"2. Mexicali Blues - 3:36\""
"413" "\"When we had Henry join our family, I could not stop thinking about the blessings of eternal families.\""
"414" "\"your ignorance is my strength\""
"415" "\"But, when it is through\""
"416" "\"Ja the artist’s method is different from Ja the debater. Ja the artist will read the story out loud in order to hear if it sounds right. She will try to feel if the piece has heart—if there’s an urgency that says the story needs to be told, and if there’s a vitality that says it has life. Some works can be grammatically polished and totally logical, but they don’t have heart. In this case, it shrivels up on its own and voluntarily casts itself into the trash.\""
"417" "\"Well, ShopNBC was full of news today. Some was good, but a lot was bad.\""
"418" "\"Can Randi hold her band – and herself together long enough to hit the stage singing? Or will this rock and roll phoenix's comeback go up in flames?\""
"419" "\"Ten finalists will be shortlisted by our judges pannel, and the winner will receive £10,000 cash, plus mentoring time with some of the UK’s best regarded entrepreneurs.\""
"420" "\"For the cover: take 1.5 cups wheat flour or maida/all purpose flour (your choice), 1/2 cup fine rava/sooji/cream of wheat, 2 tsp hot oil, pinch of salt.\""
"421" "\"05: Aerosol – Lazy Sunday (04:20)\""
"422" "\"Shipping is $2.50 for the first item and an addition $.50 for each extra. As of now I'm only shipping to the US and Canada, Canadian shipping will be just a little bit more.\""
"423" "\"What is Gestational Diabetes?\""
"424" "\"The end goal of designing software is to produce something which provides a benefit that is large enough for one or more customers to at least cover the cost of its production. Of course, the higher the value of that benefit, the more that folks will pay for it. On the other side of the equation you want to provide that benefit at the lowest cost. There is a point of diminishing returns both in looking for the highest possible value and in looking for the lowest possible cost.\""
"425" "\"THERE IT WAS, the Bloody Red Hand of O'Neill. On every street corner.*\""
"426" "\"Another good reason to get multiple memory cards is, always has the possibility that the cards can get damaged, lost or stolen. By using multiple and changing to a shoot during a protect photography valuable information.\""
"427" "\"Kim's women are endlessly stubborn and resigned, and they tend to stay that way throughout his narratives. His men are always looking for ways to \\"purify\\" them, to return them to a state of total submission. Note Yeong-ki's murder and subsequent burial of his daughter by a lake; it is there, in the tranquility of nature (itself a stand-in for regressive purity), that he can finally cease to worry about her threatening his control. Granted, the scene is \\"only a dream\\", but it seems a dream that Kim is waiting for to bleed into reality. In fact, the whole film is a dream, a dream of how Kim wants his society to be, with teenage girls always naked and homoerotic in their private time, men always searching for a quick way to assert their power, and families always disillusioned and criminalized without the grip of a father. Sure, he may disapprove of prostitution, but he is fond of a quieter, more invisible form of masculine domination. The simplest offense of all - and the area where Kim has been able to trick the international art cinema crowd - is that he's a clumsy, pedestrian filmmaker, cutting when he doesn't need to cut, punctuating when he doesn't need to punctuate, and aiming for emotions that miss the mark. If the audience is supposed to feel empathy when Yeong-ki's stuffs his face with sushi and subsequently throws it up to the tune of a sappy piano melody, something is severely off-kilter.\""
"428" "\"Think of it as “your own personal Darwin” (boom badda BIM ba, boom boom badda BIM ba). Set a steady course of small incremental improvements. Wait until you have automated the desired behaviour, THEN move onto the next step. If you need to take a few days off of improvement now and again, that’s fine. Just make sure that you know when you are climbing back on the donkey.\""
"429" "\"We from Malaysian media civil society organisations condemn the arrest of two journalists and police violence towards others who were covering the sit-down protest for free and fair elections in Kuala Lumpur on 28 April 2012.\""
"430" "\"1938 – Gary Collins (actor: Born Free, The Iron Horse, Roots, The Sixth Sense, The Wackiest Ship in the Army)\""
"431" "\"I can't believe how many people were there, I also can't believe Ive never gone before.\""
"432" "\"\\"Wait! Are you saying that I have to stop following instructions and start being an artist? Someone who dreams up new ideas and makes them real? Someone who finds new ways to interact, new pathways to deliver emotion, new ways to connect? Someone who acts like a human, not a cog? Me?\\"\""
"433" "\"The question caught me by surprise. I thought hard before answering.\""
"434" "\"Thanks for visiting, I'll have another one for you soon!! :)\""
"435" "\"Hope you play along with us, I look forward to seeing you in the players gallery :0)\""
"436" "\"Intent\""
"437" "\"a much larger Rainbow supermarket nearby.\""
"438" "\"As a book set for me on my university course’s reading list, this one stood out from the start – and not in a positive light. Generally, I do judge books by their covers and titles because they are the first features you spot when a book is on the shelf. If I had seen this book in a shop, I readily admit I would have glanced at it before replacing it and swiftly moving on, based on the title alone.\""
"439" "\"Then, things happened and eventually our situation was brought to court. We had joint custody and it was horrible to leave Little One with him and then he tried to gain custody and get out of child support. He eventually said he didn't want to pay so I can just have custody. Wow. To hear that he doesn't even want anything to do with Little One or me was just so painful but I was glad because now we could move on and I haven't been happier since.\""
"440" "\"And its still me. I'm the same person I always was.... and if people judge me? Fine. Let them. But I will always be me and no matter what the circumstances are, who I am inside is what really matters. And my flaws I have on the outside do not make me weak. They keep me fighting. And I choose to feel happy INside... in spite of these circumstances.\""
"441" "\"Then she began to wish for zero; the only figure that could add nothing and take nothing away. She lay on her bed, curled up in a tight round ball and dreamed of the glorious round nought without a beginning or end.\""
"442" "\"4) Everyone is happy. This situation all seems perfectly logical, if you are a cat.\""
"443" "\"Despite my long distance coach journey from Oxford to London to Paris, I didn't feel exhausted as yet. Because my spirit wanted to roam, I followed as it please. I stepped out from the apartment, to make the most of my day.\""
"444" "\"Also, even if you asked me in person for a recommendation, I would still like you to fill out the request form.\""
"445" "\"stopping places along the way. Don't look back.\""
"446" "\"A small cluster of Tear Peas lightly-dressed with Mascarpone and topped with a nest of thin sorrel ribbons, was a grassier mouthful than expected – the tiny green jewels tasting intensely of pea shoots rather than sweet baby peas.\""
"447" "\"Arranged by Nelson Riddle\""
"448" "\"“Fate reached its paramount beauty in the birth-star of the unborn. All the constellations were peaceful, as were the planets and even the outer stars. Every direction of the sky was peaceful, and all the spotless stars had risen.”\""
"449" "\"I am currently sat here absolutely devastated as our laptop will not turn on this morning. We have photos on there that haven't been backed up or moved onto the home computer!! Mum has gone to a local shop to see what they can do, so I'm just waiting to hear, hopefully it'll be good news. All I want is for it to turn on one last time so I can copy all photos across :( Arghhhh :( Sob sob :(\""
"450" "\"All the white horses are still in bed\""
"451" "\"Simplicity & Minimalism\""
"452" "\"Everything you never wanted to know about Arty McGoo:\""
"453" "\"Christ is therefore the one who in himself alone embodied all that he knew to be necessary to achieve our redemption.\""
"454" "\"because in the end, you’ll pretend everything’s just fine\""
"455" "\"An hour later remove, brush with BBQ sauce and serve the juicy BBQ chicken with extra BBQ sauce.\""
"456" "\"http://www.stopandscrap.com/ has provided 3 10.00 gift cards and 1 grand prize 25.00 gift card to my little blog to use anyway I choose. SoI am giving away the grand prize of 25.00 to 1 lucky follower on my blog. You can have up to 3 entries. #1 you have to be a follower on my blog and leave a comment on this post telling me you are a follower. #2 share this post on your blog or facebook wall and leave a comment on this post telling me you have shared. #3 Refer a friend and if they become a follower come back and leave a comment on this post that a friend has joined my little blog! If you refer a friend and they win the random drawing for the grand prize of the 25.00 gift card then you will receive a 10.00 gift card for bringing a new friend to Scrapbookingforfun! If you win the grand prize then I will do a second random draw for a 10.00 winner.\""
"457" "\"to know what had happened to the girl's leg, but I was also\""
"458" "\"“Right now, that’s a good thing.” She took his arm and pulled him down the hall.\""
"459" "\"She walked in shadow life, appearances deceitful, a smiling face\""
"460" "\"Congratulations Julie from Aplharetta, Georgia!\""
"461" "\"I know, two blog post in one day,that is just not like me! ;)\""
"462" "\"Fast forward a year and a half. Now I know Lindsey to be not only a talented woman, but a good friend. She is generous and thoughtful, bright and inquisitive, honest and fun. She was kind enough to take all the photos of me you see peppering this Blog Tour; she’s accommodating enough to fulfill my Lola’s orders when I’m in town; she’s cool enough to hang out in cafes for hours with; and, well, she’s just plain nice. Lindsey, merci for the photos, the inspiration and being part of the Paris, My Sweet Blog Tour!\""
"463" "\"We also said a sad 'see ya later' to your friend Charlie - his Mom & Dad (Steph & Matt) are moving to California :(\""
"464" "\"She drew a breath, then pursed her lips and said nothing. He could sense her furrowed brow. He continued “I liked the irony.”\""
"465" "\"How cute would these be filled with cookies or strawberry gummies, and used as placecards for a picnic dinner?!\""
"466" "\"for other toes to hold\""
"467" "\"Thursday night the seven of us sat down to make our own ornaments. In years past, we head out to the hobby store to find an ornament that represents us for that given year. Well, we decided to head into nature to find some items that we could make an ornament out of this year. The family loved this activity! I loved that Daddy thought it up and led the \\"hike\\" and crafting part!\""
"468" "\"However, Mr Gideon Meir, Israeli ambassador for Malta wants to justify the unjustifiable. He skips every limit by claiming that Bianca was ‘sent by Hamas’. What? Does this man expect us to believe such a lie?\""
"469" "\"Therapist: I’m sorry to hear it was that bad. I hoped for better for you.\""
"470" "\"* \\"Let's expand goat rearing and create more grassland in accordance with the party!\\"\""
"471" "\"Also arrested and charged with Herron from the May 2011 incident was New Brockton Public Works Supervisor Tony Bludsworth, who testified in Herron’s trial. Bludsworth is also charged with second-degree animal cruelty.\""
"472" "\"Gregory: people are worse off than they\""
"473" "\"2/22/12 – Saskatoon, SK @ Amigo’s\""
"474" "\"\\"How did this happen?\\" he asks.\""
"475" "\"And this is what I got. The look on Adam's face vs. the look on Billy's is hilarious! Looks like Adam just pulled some sort of mean trick. So come one, who's got a good caption?\""
"476" "\"Well, the Southern states are now getting their share of the snow that so many other parts of the country have experienced. Here are some photos I took just a little while ago from my front porch:\""
"477" "\"I no longer have to deprive myself…\""
"478" "\"Soft Paper warning: If you have a very soft or fibrous paper, when you try to pull up the extra tone it may pull up some of your surrounding colored areas. This might be more pronounced if you are coloring with colored pencils and especially chalks. This is not as big a problem with marker, which permeates the paper better.\""
"479" "\"I always say my kids outfits that they pic for the first day of school & Easter\""
"480" "\"Now you'll understand why I've been absent from the Land of Blog for a while and apologies to all my blog mates for not visiting.\""
"481" "\"Enter Chain Attack podcast. I have listened to Warmahordes podcasts before but I stopped a few months ago. They are too long for the most part, and they talk a ton of time about armies/models/events I don’t really have much interest (although as a hardcore player I do like to know as much as possible about all factions). But these guys have found an amazing sweet spot in the podcast/battle report mix.\""
"482" "\"You can't save the world by writing about it and then hoping other people will do it for you.\""
"483" "\"But back to the subject at hand. The networking event for professionals in publishing — the one that I had invested so much hope in, the one that was supposed to be my coming-out event — didn’t happen. Whatever planet rules work-life balance must have been in retrograde last Thursday, because I was even more inundated with work than usual. I find it a little bizarre that this happened on such a special night for me, but perhaps it wasn’t bizarre at all. Either way, I worked through all of my meals, until my head hurt and I couldn’t see my computer screen anymore.\""
"484" "\"“It became a game. I would cut her or bite her so hard she would bleed. I am addicted to a new form of drug. I am addicted to blood!”\""
"485" "\"When I was much younger I really wasn’t that interested in gardening. In fact, if I’m truthful, I wasn’t interested at all. That changed when I bought my first unit and the owner before me had created such a lovely outdoor space that I found I could just sit outside and “be” in my garden. During the first autumn in my house, I planted daffodil and iris bulbs and delighted in watching them pop up and then flower in late winter/early spring.\""
"486" "\"Mix together first five ingredients. Pour into pie shell.\""
"487" "\"The past few days I have been witness to a most spectacular display of emotional fuckwittage. Including a parent hurtling awful things to another, in front of the children. All I will say is that as far as I'm concerned, that act alone makes you an immeasurable bad parent! There is no excuse whatsoever for doing that, ever! All it ever does is put the children in the worst ever position and does absolutely nothing good for them, only for the parent doing the act. If you cannot control your emotions more than that, the person in question is incredibly immature. And nine times out of ten, it comes back and bites you in the arse in the future. It might be that the said children loose respect for you when they get older, or that they even go so far as to not want to see you much, and only when forced to.\""
"488" "\"He condemned Fernandez for basing her statement on rare incidents and labelled her as an “immoral” activist.\""
"489" "\"The portrait is from the Heritage Cricut cartridge and printed in black. I used some small cream pearls to create a necklace.\""
"490" "\"“But,” she replied without the slightest pause, “that woman’s got one!” and she disintegrated into laughter.\""
"491" "\"We decided to go with a saison yeast blend for this beer, which is the first time I have tried blending saison yeasts right off the bat. But both Paul and I have come up really frustrated with the Dupont yeast as a sole fermenter in the past, so this blend will be worth trying in a few beers. We decided to pitch both the \\"Dupont\\" strain and the \\"French Saison\\" strain, with twice as much Dupont yeast. The fermentation was started rather cool and ramped to 80 over a few days, a good compromise between the French strain which produces plenty of character at cooler temps, and the Dupont yeast which can't seem to finish out if it drops below 85 degrees. The French saison yeast will definitely help attenuate the beer faster when the Dupont yeast slows to a crawl in the last 1/3rd of fermentation.\""
"492" "\"This is a perfect example of the insanity I've found in other crafts. Even at 18, I was appalled by that entire story and suddenly began questioning everything I was learning from my teacher. If I used what I'd learned from her to make beads to sell, would I also make her angry and upset? Could I use any of this information now?\""
"493" "\"Although campaigners claim that hundreds of young girls are already being passed around men within the Asian community for sex, she said that attempts to raise the problem with community leaders had met with little success, with most of them being in a state of denial about it.\""
"494" "\"-Rabindranath Tagore\""
"495" "\"Somehow I think we'll survive.\""
"496" "\"Ayahuasca wasn’t an in your face kind of drug reference in a\""
"497" "\"If you made it to the dinner, give us a comment and let us know what you thought! And if not, keep your eyes open for the next event.\""
"498" "\"These remarks have negative implications for the NASW and other organizations of social workers. If such organizations pursue an agenda of maximizing their membership, and hence their power and resources — as one would expect a rational, survival-oriented organization to do — then they will be susceptible of corruption, to the extent that they prove willing to endorse every version of social work that marches in the door. Without developing the thought further at the moment, one can expect that there is the profession of social work, with its do-gooder orientation (whether defined in lofty or realistic terms), and then there is the NASW; the interests of the two are not the same; and granting the NASW carte blanche to speak on behalf of the profession as a whole is potentially detrimental to those whom we claim to serve.\""
"499" "\"“We just want to do the right thing,” he said, “and get people’s property back to them.”\""
"500" "\"we are ready to party\""
"501" "\"“It’s krumpin!”\""
"502" "\"Sooo... not much decorating, but I'm enjoying what little we do have. I love having the tree lit up at night. If only I could take some better pictures of it. Does anyone have any tree photographing tips? =)\""
"503" "\"CJeS representative Baek Changjoo said “Kim Junsu directly took part in producing, composing and writing lyrics for most of the songs in the album. He will show his full capabilities.” The album is expected to be filled by songs with various genres: ballad, R&B, dance etc. As it is an album from a singer who is rated as an idol group member with the most outstanding singing ability, the expectations are even higher.\""
"504" "\"In most cases, the no-contact provision can only be removed once the person you have been forbidden to contact goes to court and states the reasons why they want the provision lifted.\""
"505" "\"These recordings have their moments but I had an orgasm myself when I realized that the record included an actual song about \\"The Pleasures Of Love\\" that sounds as if it was created for a 70s spy movie soundtrack.\""
"506" "\"6. Travel More\""
"507" "\"Based on this visual approach and a definition it can be concluded that every indvidual involved in the tough mudder ‘business’ (participant, spectator, coach, staff) is part of the overall tough mudder community in one way or another (positive, negative, direct, indirect, etc.).\""
"508" "\"In 2010, Ms. Johnson and Ms. Bacon sold a stake in the business to Boston-based private equity firm Castanea Partners. Steven Madden came into the picture that same year after the company breached loan covenants and was forced to restructure its debt. Steven Madden holds a 10% stake in the company and owns its intellectual property, and Castanea holds the remaining 90% stake.\""
"509" "\"So now i am almost done the draft for Xtreme just in time to get ready for Nanowrimo... National Novel Writing Month - only 41 days away. There is still the study guide for Genesis 1-11 and the next project on the horizon after that...\""
"510" "\"· 4 cups steamed rice\""
"511" "\"According to the world system theory put forward by Immanuel Wallerstein (1974), there are core regions and peripheral regions in the world. There can be a sustainable economic development mechanism as long as the core region can supply manufactures to and receive raw materials from the peripheries. Because of the sheer size of China and her unbalanced regional developments, the argument also applies to China’s inter-regional trade.\""
"512" "\"I want him to learn what “no” means, but when we try to teach him and tell him no he just smiles this Cheshire cat smile and continues to be mischievous and just downright defiant. We refuse to spank him, and so we will pull him away from whatever he is doing and that’s simply not working either.\""
"513" "\"From the distance of decades, in reading the memoir, what struck Genevieve most was Obama’s description of the gravity of that library, and the vast distance between their worlds, and his conviction that he alone was the one who knew how to live as an outsider. She felt as estranged from that milieu as he did, and he knew it, and over the ensuing decades it was Barack, not Genevieve, who would move closer to presidents, diplomats, and industrialists, the world of an insider. “The ironic thing,” she noted, “is he moved through the corridors of power in a far more comfortable way than I ever would have.”\""
"514" "\"This is all a bit of a worry.\""
"515" "\"It’s not every kind of prayer that makes tremendous power\""
"516" "\"The costs come at a difficult time for the city, where some people are predicting a budget shortfall in the hundreds of millions of dollars next year.\""
"517" "\"Symptoms of this 'anti-racism' include reverse discrimination such as the enforcement of discriminatory government policies, the general media portrayal of blacks as victims and whites as oppressors, etc. Due to our apartheid past this reverse discrimination has assumed a particularly acute form in South Africa. Symptoms include the elimination of the white (male) from the economy via rampant so-called 'affirmative action' and 'BEE', constant anti-white propaganda (ranging from the blatant to the subtle) via the state and private media, the suppression of Afrikaans, farm murders (and other violence), land redistribution, etc. All this carries on while an intolerable culture of extreme political correctness has been established. This has been done by a regime which justifies the 'positive' aspects of the above, while denying the existence of the negative, in the name of a new racist ideology called Transformation.\""
"518" "\"*stupid *%@#&!!*\""
"519" "\"FDR: Of course, ELEANOR, of course. It’s done! (his eyes are alight) This will be the greatest experiment in the history of our country. We’ll call it — The New Deal.\""
"520" "\"We have to admit that James is always compared with the other NBA legends. Starting professional career straight from high school, James was following the likes of Garnett and Kobe Bryant’s footsteps. The highly rated starlet even already signed a contract with Nike before his professional debut. And the superstar apprentice was predicted would be able to surpass the-greatest-of-all, Michael Jordan.\""
"521" "\"Scott Morgan lists five reasons why civilians should never consent to a police search of their person or property. Evaluate the merits of his arguments among yourself.\""
"522" "\"All done, all prepared, only waiting now.\""
"523" "\"He showed me how to get up on the seat and how to pedal. He pushed the bike while I sat on it. It was almost like I was riding it by myself! I began to feel fairly confident that I was going to be the best bike-rider in the world.\""
"524" "\"Growing up in the country with my 2 sisters, we had a crazy game that every time we saw a VW we could punch the other person in the arm and yell \\"Punch Buggie - and call out the colour (in this case Punch Buggie BLUE\\"). Typing this on the computer makes me think \\"gee, it sounds like we were violent kids\\", but actually it was the opposite. I think because VW's were such a rarity where we lived that it was an exciting time on any car journey to the city. I am sure you have one of these childhood stories, I would love to hear them. Anyway that is why this card is one of my favourite creations today. I saw something like this on another blog site, I am so sorry I can't remember where. This will be going to a 4th birthday party next week.\""
"525" "\"My contract says I get 8.5 hours a day 5 days a week and I can give them 2 weeks notice for my vacation time. It does not mention unpaid leave. Am I being taken advantage of? I'm telling you this family has a ton of money. That isn't there problem, it's more the fact that they feel as though they owe me nothing. I still have to pay bills and I work another job part time. So I do not have time to make up overtime hours for them. They hired me, they should pay me. Right?\""
"526" "\"I'll come back in the dead of night\""
"527" "\"Beer B had very little aroma, and what it delivered was more along the lines of alcohol, with slight marker/acetone notes. Light and alomost wine-like, with a grape skin tannic edge bringing up the rear. Slight bitter almond/marzipan traces.. Overall, fruity in a grape-like way, juicy and a crisp tannic finish that I liked.\""
"528" "\"I learnt about the accent challenge from the blogs The Everyday Goth and the Walrus Room. It was originally a Tumblr meme, but is now making it's way around some blogs. I think it's loads of fun, and so interesting to hear people's voices. Here's my post.\""
"529" "\"Embrace the emotions\""
"530" "\"13 Heather Kennedy W Valencia, CA 11:02.7 34:18.76\""
"531" "\"Med school. I'm going to be a pediatric neurologist.\""
"532" "\"The grand prize winner will receive a complimentary dinner and beverage for four people in the newly-named dining venue, along with a $10 gift certificate to the college’s student-run Bakery. Two runners-up also will be chosen, each of whom will receive a complimentary dinner and beverage for two, plus a $10 bakery certificate.\""
"533" "\"If you call out for insight and raise your voice for understanding...\""
"534" "\"One caveat is we tend to over think the process. We spend inordinate amounts of time pondering how to do it, yet take no real action. A powerful message was relayed in that you have the ability to change peoples lives through action.\""
"535" "\"According to U-Socket, they have come up with a way to eliminate the dreaded phantom load, or the problem of electronics draining power even when turned off or in standby mode. Instead, the U-Socket’s “built-in smart sensor automatically detects required wattage and only outputs power when it’s needed and shuts off when it’s fully charged,” making it a better option for both your wallet and the environment.\""
"536" "\"Supplies by Anna Aspnes' ArtPlay Palette Blossom.\""
"537" "\"Unfortunately for both Zuana and the rest of her sisters, Serafina is not willing. She tells Zuana that she intends to get out of their as soon as she is able. She also determines to rebel as much as she can. When she finds out that their chief interest in her is her singing voice, she vows not to sing a note.\""
"538" "\"While Hecht and colleagues assert that “smokeless tobacco is carcinogenic to humans, causing oral, pancreatic and esophageal cancer,” a comprehensive study of cancer risks among smokeless users (here) documented no significant risk for any of these cancers. There is virtually no evidence that current TSNA levels are associated with ANY significant cancer risks. Reducing current levels cannot lower an immeasurable cancer risk.\""
"539" "\"* September 24-26: G service suspended between Bedford-Nostrand Aves. and Court Square F station, replaced by shuttle buses\""
"540" "\"As a result of the operation, 13 fake marriages were uncovered, the first of them dated about September 1997.\""
"541" "\"* I doubled up the banner from the 7Dots Stickers in the add on, with a banner paper punch from my stash.\""
"542" "\"Acting: 3/5\""
"543" "\"Around 400 BCE Aristotle in his Politics, went over the numerous kinds of government systems. (I’ll spare you a lot of Aristotle’s words because, as much as I love the man’s philosophy, what is left of his works has a style dryer than a stale cracker in the middle of the Gobi desert at noon…that and I’m planning a whole series of blogs on his Nicomachean Ethics to start in a month or so, so don’t think you’re getting out of this). The long and short of it is that he dislikes extremes. Rule by only the rich leads to corruption and misery. Rule by only the poor leads to stealing the wealth of the rich and anarchy. Rule by one person leads to tyranny and suffering. Rule by letting everyone vote (even if they’re criminals or non-citizens…I wonder who would be dumb enough to support something that insane?) leads to chaos and anarchy. Aristotle liked middle ground.* He liked the idea of a constitutional government, of a government of what he called aristocracy (we would call it a republic or representative government) and democracy, of where the law was higher than the whim of the ruling body (a set Constitution that is higher than the will of the mob) but not set in stone where it can never be changed (the process of amending that constitution). But of the things he goes over a lot is his distrust of the very rich and the very poor. He points out that whenever the concerns of either of these groups takes precedent it is the middle classes that suffer first followed by the entire government collapsing under the weight of corruption and chaos.\""
"544" "\"What do you think about this one?!\""
"545" "\"Kin is simply hell on earth for those of us for whom a morning coffee\""
"546" "\"Expert in document imaging and scanners for 18 years.\""
"547" "\"She made me believe in...... welll... me again.........\""
"548" "\"NO SURPRISE\""
"549" "\"3 cups flour\""
"550" "\"‘Well, sort of Lugg, but he…’\""
"551" "\"Anyway, I feel I never explained why I like No.6 so much, although my reasons are quite powerful. First off, I like the characters. Nezumi & Shion are some of my favourite characters ever, probably because of their weird relationship. There are tons of cute moments between them and they make me go “aww” almost every 15 seconds. I don’t quite know where exactly these two are going or what is the purpose of the series, but I enjoy watching it and No.6 is definitely my favourite summer anime.\""
"552" "\"Now I need to get busy and make Valentine cards. Yikes! I haven't got much time left for those. Wish me luck; I have a feeling I'm going to need it!\""
"553" "\"2 commercial\""
"554" "\"Just because\""
"555" "\"We will be announcing our winners sometime this week, so watch out for our special posting.\""
"556" "\"Dawn: My children did this ONCE and never did anything like it again. It all boils down to training, parenting, and discipline. And the child KNOWING discipline is in ORDER before they ever do it again!\""
"557" "\"Head swimming\""
"558" "\"200g all purpose flour\""
"559" "\"We are waiting for either the prompt publication of UDeCOTT’s Annual Report, accompanied by audited accounts, or some cogent public explanation for the unacceptable delay in so doing. For all this time to pass, with neither of those events to taking place, can only deepen the atmosphere of distrust. We, the taxpaying public, expect better from you, Ms. John.\""
"560" "\"So I know I should be happy that I will be joining them, but why do I feel more sad than joyful? I suppose, instinctively, I knew this is one of those life changing moments in our lives, that I was leaving a place and a time I can never go back to. Because when I do go back, I would no longer be the same man. And people and friends would have changed and moved on with their lives. And all that's left, sometimes, are our memories of days gone by.\""
"561" "\"Yeah, I'm a little insane about organizing stuff like that. The more things in my life that I can't control, the more obsessed I get about organizing my house.\""
"562" "\"Habeus Mentem :: Right to Legal Sanity\""
"563" "\"But Mr Tsvangirai has two strong cards: the first is that he holds the key to an internationally funded recovery programme, which cannot happen without him; and time is on his side.\""
"564" "\"Find a convenient place in your home or apartment for the center. It doesn't take much\""
"565" "\"We slept well that night, very well.\""
"566" "\"A quick nod and eye contact with the 50+ lady clad in blue blouse affirmed to the crowd that I was next to her in the invisible line. Patience is not one of my virtues, so I decided to do my groceries first after affirming my place in the invisible line. I returned half an hour later, just before the French Baker employees started clearing the tables and chairs for the upcoming battle for half priced bread.\""
"567" "\"Pour over batter.\""
"568" "\"Sadly, I went into the garage a few nights ago and found Happy acting very strangely. L had had him out just that morning and he seemed his regular healthy self, but when I reached in to pick him up, it was clear he was almost gone.\""
"569" "\"But both the Mail and Telegraph remained silent on the issue. Talking to The Slog last week, a senior Fleet Street journalist heavily engaged in the investigation of phone-hacking wryly observed, “The amusing thing about all this that while this hacking was going on, we didn’t have any money – so there was no way we could afford the likes of Mulcaire. But others could.”\""
"570" "\"I love short fiction, I love the way stories are so diverse that there is something for almost everyone. I love the way they can be enjoyed in the small pockets of time in my life, snatched between breakfast and work, or at lunchtime, or on the bus or in a waiting room. I love that a small world is contained in only a few brief pages, and we can be taken out of our own world for a brief time, feel something might have changed, or learn something, feel something completely outside of ourselves. And with a good short story it can shake our roots, make us question, unsettle, amaze or make us laugh out loud. And we can carry a whole book load of these moments around with us, get the book out when we want an escape, find odd collections of these experiences inside one cover, but with themes and connections, or an overall journey, or patterns, that if we want to find them are hidden within the different stories.\""
"571" "\"In the Band, lead vocals changed from song to song and sometimes within songs, and harmonies were elaborately communal. But particularly when lyrics turned to myths and tall tales of the American South — like “The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,” “Ophelia” and “Rag Mama Rag” — the lead went to Mr. Helm, with his Arkansas twang and a voice that could sound desperate, ornery and amused at the same time.\""
"572" "\"Where circumstances offer choices\""
"573" "\"They gathered in front of my locker and blocked me from getting my books. I ate lunch alone, under the stairs. It’s a total cliche. But it was my reality.\""
"574" "\"we have each friend … for a reason\""
"575" "\"It’s not as though the leak were radioactive.\""
"576" "\"Fast forward to a contest. I got out my ms and started to read in hopes of polishing it into a winning submission. Gasp! I wrote that? It’s littered with infomation dumps, saidisms, head hopping.. good gracious no wonder all I got were reject letters.\""
"577" "\"I snagged my favourite seat. Bang in the middle of the back row. What luck! The aisle feeds up to it meaning plenty of legroom. No one behind, no one in front. Perfect.\""
"578" "\"I confronted him about it, he denied it, got mad at me for checking his mail.\""
"579" "\"game changer.\""
"580" "\"I managed to get Charles II into this book too, and then embarked on three novels set in the household of Dr John Dee, who was a magician at the court of Queen Elizabeth I. Reading his biography, I found that the queen had visited Dr Dee three times at his home in Mortlake, so included a scene where my main character (an ardent fan of the queen) scurries about trying to light a fire to warm Her Majesty, who had called unexpectedly.\""
"581" "\"Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney addresses the Detroit Economic Club during a campaign stop at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan February 24, 2012. — Reuters pic\""
"582" "\"It's that kind of a random day...\""
"583" "\"I am not a monster. My body is not monstrous.\""
"584" "\"I’ve created quite a few things the last couple of months which i will have to start showing…lol\""
"585" "\"Which one of you would hand his son a stone\""
"586" "\"I will sit with you as you cry\""
"587" "\"Hope you are all having a great week. I know many of you have seen the many versions of the Ikea Rast Dresser that are out there already, but if not...check them out! Just Google Ikea Rast Hack and dozens upon dozens show up.\""
"588" "\"In response, Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Google spoke quite well about education, growing the middle class and youth unemployment, but it was his own personal feeling that stood out.\""
"589" "\"Comforts souls true and lowly.\""
"590" "\"Head over to Stanley or Sheko beaches on the other side of Hong Kong Island for a little bit of paradise (not as good as Australian beaches but I’ve been too spoilt in the past!), both these beaches you can get to by taxi or public transport. They also have great hikes which take you there too – Stanley’s 1000 Steps and Sheko’s Dragon’s Back are beautiful and well worth doing. Also, a jaunt around Lamma Island is great fun but slightly tarred by a massive powerstation as the backdrop.\""
"591" "\"During the application process for the Truman scholarship, Dodds sought the counsel of Dr. Audra Jennings, director of the Office of Scholar Development, to help refine his application and work with him on interview preparation and technique.\""
"592" "\"But until then, “let’s do the Time Warp again!!!”\""
"593" "\"In this episode, Arya meets Jaquen H’agar (yes I’m sure I spelled that wrong but I don’t care). He doesn’t appear to be important now, but trust me when I tell you that he will be of some importance to Arya later on down the road. For anyone who didn’t catch the implications in the first episode, they practically spell out for you the fact that while he lives, Gendry is the oldest child of Robert Baratheon and therefore, it could be argued is technically his heir and rightful King. I love the scene with Tyrion and Varys. The innuendo and intrigue is obvious to anyone with a brain, and so much the more so for the fact that Tyrion’s whore Shae seems so oblivious to the undercurrents. I enjoy their repartee very much. In the north, Sam saves one of Craster’s daughter-wives from Jon’s wolf Ghost, although he didn’t look particularly threatening to me, and now he wants Jon to help him save her and her child. His innocence should make him appealing, but it just makes the character even more pathetic. You’d expect him to get killed early on in his appearance in the cast, but Martin combines his naiveté with dumb luck and so Samwell Tarly is around for a long time. In the red waste Rakharo returns to his khaleesi…well his head anyway. It is so disheartening to us regular people that even bedraggled and with an unnatural, almost white head of hair, Emilia Clarke should look so gorgeous. Grr. Lord Baelish is a character that I came to dislike more and more as I read book after book and I can’t say that’s changing any when I watch the show. He’s cunning, cruel, slimy and has, so far as I can tell, absolutely no redeeming qualities. He actually makes Jaime Lannister look like one of the good guys. Ha! I was waiting for this. Janos Slynt gets his just desserts: he’s sent to the Wall by Tyrion. I wonder if Gendry and Arya both survive to the end of the story, will they end up together, ruling perhaps from Winterfell or King’s Landing? What? It could happen! I’m not looking to turn the series into a love story, but in the end, someone has to win the Game of Thrones. I don’t feel the least bit sorry for anything that happens to Theon. I really feel like he brings it on himself for being an entitled, whiney little brat. In the grand scheme, I think the House of the Kraken is pretty inconsequential. The TV Davos (loyal servant of Stannis Baratheon) is much more courtier than the book version of him. Not sure if I like it but I do love the actor playing him. His name is…Liam Cunningham. Hmm, I wonder how that might affect his character’s fate, if at all. Lena Headey (Cersei Lannister) does well with easy emotions like haughtiness and cruelty, but I can’t help wondering how she’ll do later on when – SPOILER ALERT! – she is brought low and must emote shame, regret etc. Guess we’ll find out. Although I will say, this is perhaps her best showing since The Jungle Book. Jon Snow you idiot! Have you learned nothing from your father’s death? Don’t try to save the boy! Honour will only get you killed….and there it is, the hit on the head. Isn’t it funny how even when we know it’s coming we root for the characters we want to succeed? Lucky for Jon, Martin has more for him to do before he’s done with him. Lucky for us.\""
"594" "\"\\"When a Young koala stops drinking it's mother's milk the mother will give the Joey some very soft poop called pap. An average koala will eat about 18 ounces of eucalyptus leaves every day. The leaves have strong toxins that must be cleansed by the koala's stomach. Eating poop while they're yoeys helps koalas gradually develop the ability to detoxify their food as adults.\\" To which the 6 year old replies with the most serious face: \\"EWE! That's gross! I'm not going to do that! It really says that too! It Does!\\" it was all I could do not to crack up laughing!\""
"595" "\"After a series of discussions between administration officials and the House leadership, it became clear, the GOP aides said, that the White House and Congress’s interests were not aligned…. – WSJ, 7-22-11\""
"596" "\"later .... Jack: \\"How are we going to get Grandma and give her a hug?\\"\""
"597" "\"The modern consumer, raised on video games, computers and the Internet, has become conditioned and trained and has indeed reached the point of demanding that interaction with companies be completed on an almost instantaneous interactive online basis. And yet, despite the availability of proven technology that increases productivity, reduces costs and enhances customer satisfaction, the life insurance industry remains mired in the “legacy” of outdated processing.\""
"598" "\"He rides nature’s current\""
"599" "\"It could well be argued, for reasons given above, that the relationship does neither side, Tony Blair or BN, any political good.\""
"600" "\"UNITED KINGDOM.\""
"601" "\"What a terrible thing my government did to those people!\""
"602" "\"Small things with small alterations in motivation, but the Jaidee in the novel wouldn’t be the same without his Thai background and culture.\""
"603" "\"Mothers Influence\""
"604" "\"When you do a leash correction, make sure that you are not timid, anxious, nervous, or excited. As the leader, you need to be calm and assertive in your corrections or else your dog won’t take you seriously. If done correctly, with the right intensity and energy and timing, you should see your dog respond by lowering the head, looking at you, sitting down, or putting the ears back. A properly timed leash correction can change a dog’s behavior instantly and a smart dog needs only to be corrected in this way once or twice before getting the message that what they are doing is unacceptable behavior.\""
"605" "\"After that Riteish featured in some rib-tickling comedies like “Kya Kool Hai Hum”, “Apna Sapna Money Money”, “Malamaal Weekly”, “Dhamaal”, “Heyy Babyy” and “Housefull”, while Genelia did films like “Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na”, “Life Partner” and “Force”.\""
"606" "\"Necklace: Diva\""
"607" "\"Snow. And standing out in it.\""
"608" "\"I did really well at first... until Manning's bedtime arrived. I called Dee-Dee (my mom) and told her over and over how to do his bedtime routine, how to work the video monitor, etc. I finally stopped calling when she threatened me with my life and reminded me that she had raised me and Molli. So, I stopped calling and assumed all was going smoothly until I felt my phone vibrating in the middle of the rehearsal. I ran outside to return the call to find that they could not get the video monitor to turn on.... Panic set in. After talking them through it, we finally got it working and all went totally fine. However, I didn't sleep a wink. I worry an unhealthy amount, I know. No need to tell me....\""
"609" "\"There is no democratic government in the UK and the will of the people has been usurped by foreign interests whose sole intent is to radicalize the country so that it becomes subservient to the will of a foreign power i.e. the European Union of socialist states. Democracy cannot exist when the will of the people is ignored and when the elected government embraces foreign laws to the detriment of the majority of the electorate. Politicians supposedly looking after the interests of the British taxpayer are too busy reaping the rewards of being in office and as a result very few have the interest of the average Briton at heart.\""
"610" "\"Il mio primo SAL punto croce portato a termine: bello e colorato. Non ho ancora deciso come utilizzarlo.\""
"611" "\"There was no motion to its movement; no legs, no arms, the spines that must be eyes and ears and fingers all in one utterly static. It moved as if a statue on a cart. Or, perhaps - yes; Clearsight turned the spherical void into a marble, its surface so perfect that its roll was invisible.\""
"612" "\"Revan-ruan-hakik zimmer protonesan helium\""
"613" "\"“Mr. Wideman is the inaugural customer of this program, which provides white-glove service to premiere authors. It’s our most customizable offering, executed by industry-leading professionals who have helped drive the success of A-list authors. Each title receives the highest level of attention and each author retains complete control over the process, from cover design and editing to online marketing and media relations.\""
"614" "\"I printed out a picture of the ship for reference. I didn't intend to add much detail but needed an idea of the general shapes.\""
"615" "\"Today i have an Orly polish called Royal Velvet and i think that i have found my favorite polish. It isn't anything sparkly or breathtakingly awesome but it is my two favorite colors in one polish! I don't have anything like this at all and i am so glad i bought this. It went on fairly smooth and needed about 3 coats to be fully opaque. So here it is!\""
"616" "\"This is the yoga of action and there are several interpretations:\""
"617" "\"Brooklyn Infringement Festival 2012 submissions deadline has passed. The lineup for this year’s festival, held the nights of May 3rd, 4th and 5th at Don Pedro, will be posted here on or around April 1st. If you would like to be notified by email of when the official BIF 2012 website is launched, send us an email with SUBSCRIBE in the subject line.\""
"618" "\"Everyone laughs sinisterly at the well played burn and their sober cabby is quietly relieved that she didn’t have to stay the center of ridicule for long.\""
"619" "\"Splitcoast is hosting daily challenges through the entire month of October, and asking members of the paper crafting community to create cards in support of cancer patients and their families and mail them to national partner MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, TX. Copic Marker is pleased to offer FOUR of these great new Copic Coloring Cases as prizes for four lucky participants in the Hope You Can Cling To campaign. It's a campaign of the sweetest type - you have the opportunity to color, spread a little hope with your handcrafted cards and be eligible to win!\""
"620" "\"The final, huge reason why I love 10 Things I Hate About You is this:\""
"621" "\"And a bathroom whose tub crouched on lion’s feet,\""
"622" "\"This is not a heartwarming story about a mom in distress, but a child being raised as a homeless person. It’s not Chelsea’s fault that the adults in her life, for whatever reason, are unable to work within the system and make choices to provide for Chelsea. She is deserving but hard to help.\""
"623" "\"Europeans seem much more pragmatic than Americans, who are so idealistic. I feel much more optimistic about the future around Europeans because they seem to be generally more realistic about things: economic, social, cultural, whatever. But this can also lead to a kind of defeatism. Idealism is a quality that makes us Americans special; it’s what gave us the drive to achieve all the crazy awesome shit we’ve done. But Americans are now so idealistic about so many stupid, unrealistic things. It is also no longer positivist idealism, but a negative, destructive clinging to increasingly dogmatic ideals. In fact, the last person who said, “Yes we can,” has been vehemently opposed, attacked and undermined every step of the way. That is what commitment to ideals has become in America–a tunnel vision that is becoming ever more rigid, stubborn, unwilling and bitter. Most Americans spend a great deal of emotion and energy on socially conservative issues that don’t affect them personally while overlooking issues that actually do.\""
"624" "\"In 1961, Cline joined the cast of the Grand Ole Opry, realizing a lifelong dream. She became one of the Opry’s biggest stars, and is believed to be the only person granted membership by asking.\""
"625" "\"“Our findings will be shared with the Silk Commission with a view to helping inform Part 1 of their report on the future of devolution in Wales.”\""
"626" "\"Violets blooming softly in the grass\""
"627" "\"Given all the immediate dangers associated with bombarding the atmosphere with sulphur dioxide, along with the unknown dangers of other geo-engineering projects, many people are concerned that “chemtrails” could be a secret component of the same agenda to alter the Earth’s eco-system.\""
"628" "\"Berkley, Jun 5 2012, $7.99\""
"629" "\"He agreed with my idea, and, my son was baptised into the Russian Orthodox Church. My mum was thrilled, I got to have the fantastic Godfather I wanted for my son, and Pascal’s Wager was satisfied. (Not for me, I don’t care about a wager I know is moot, but for Mum). He was happy to, again, baptise my daughter when she came along.\""
"630" "\"When we got back, I was hungry and had lunch in an Italian restaurant (of which Copenhagen appears to have an abundance). I then walked over to the Museum of the Danish Resistance (during WWII), which turned out to be quite an affecting museum. It covered the whole period from the German invasion in April 1940 to the liberation in May 1945, including the rescue of the Danish Jews from Nazi deportation. The story is really quite amazing. Almost all were ferried to Sweden by the Danish resistance; only about 450 were captured and sent to Terezin, and of those, about 400 survived.\""
"631" "\"For example, when I was very little I would sit on my Dad’s lap and we\""
"632" "\"i'd love any suggestions you may have of useful sites or suggestions for what i should plant! please share!!\""
"633" "\"That's an interesting question, and it's a discussion that I see going on all the time. The people that love the discovery of pantsing vs the control of the plotters. When I'm actually writing, I feel like a pantser, I suppose. I'm just doing the writing. I mean, I don't write anything down ahead of time. I don't make outlines, I don't make time lines, and I don't write out copious amounts of back story. However, I don't start writing until I know where I'm going. I know my plot arc and have it in my head at all times. I can't really write without having a destination. I suppose pantsers would say that makes me a plotter, but I'm sure plotters wouldn't have me in their club, either.\""
"634" "\"Ummm, not exactly.\""
"635" "\"1.) A tradition offers a structured support group. Delving into spirituality brings up issues for a lot of people and it’s good to have support. You have other people around who have walked the same path and have had similar experiences. While people won’t have had exactly the same experience, similar experiences can help guide you through what you’re experiencing on your own path to deity. It essentially makes your life easier and a little clearer.\""
"636" "\"Such a bias toward the status quo similarly infects our thinking and debate on space policy. The highest achievement in the minds of many was landing a man on the moon, and such a feat is viewed as the epitome of a human spaceflight program, and the only model to follow. Ignoring the issue of the pork, such thinking resulted in the Constellation plan (“Apollo on Steroids”) and now it’s giving us the disastrous Senate Launch System (as I discussed over at Pajamas Media yesterday). It’s what I have called the Apollo Cargo Cult — in too many minds, if we don’t have a really big rocket developed and operated by NASA, we don’t have a Real Space Program.\""
"637" "\"“Honey Badger don’t care… Honey Badger don’t give a shit”\""
"638" "\"Shadow Stalker groaned, “Fuck off! It’s me.”\""
"639" "\"This Manchester United team is often described as average and I think that’s a good description of the current United team. A lot of the current players wouldn’t have got into the great United teams of the past.\""
"640" "\"Stuff Smith is one of those musicians that were around for a long time but never really got very famous. I personally \\"heard\\" of him when I was studying that historic photo. So I was interested in his music and found this little compilation of his works that he did for various bands. Stuff on here by, err, Stuff is during 1917 to 1949 so there's a lot of big band swinging here that's practically on fire. It's a shame that we don't get to hear more of his bebop recordings because later on Stuff really did kill dem strings. On some songs he's not that obvious while on some he get's even a solo or two. It's just so weird for me to hear a violin in a swing band among all those brass and wood instruments. Certainly worth checking out if you like big band music.\""
"641" "\"The package comes back, unopened. There is a note with it:\""
"642" "\"Sixth round:\""
"643" "\"One of her friends did her hair EARLY that morning and it took 2 hours to get this look... and about 3 pounds of hairspray. It's amazing how many ideas you get from Pinterest!\""
"644" "\"ROPHOS PLAKI 28\""
"645" "\"Smile, for you are solid and intact.\""
"646" "\"I think I am finally getting close to being over him, but last night I was hit with the ultimate challenge: he told me he has a new girlfriend. I handled it extremely well and I know he was very relieved because only a couple months earlier I had foolishly let him know that I would be devastated when he got a new girlfriend. I think probably even three weeks ago, before I left on my trip, my reaction would’ve been closer to that, but I learned a lot on my trip.\""
"647" "\"(2)Slowly add water and mix with your hands.\""
"648" "\"Note: If you're getting nursing bras/camis, look for ones where the strap is attached to the front of the bra somehow. I don't know how to explain this well, but if you unhook the bra cup and the strap isn't attached to anything, it will fall down your back sometimes and it's a pain to try to fish it back up. Some (maybe most) have an under layer that will keep the strap in place. This is pretty much impossible to explain in writing. Just read my mind and know what I mean, please?\""
"649" "\"What “militant action” may mean is of course open to interpretation. But we see in the Cleveland bombing case where some Occupiers went. If you need to kill people to allegedly free them, it could be that there is something off in your calculation.\""
"650" "\"20. Isle of the Dead\""
"651" "\"Nancy – 56 (25.81%)\""
"652" "\"By the time Anita Leslie wrote a biography of her great aunt in 1969, a letter had surfaced that Jennie wrote to her mother on Jan. 9, 1888. It says, “Do you know that it is my birthday today? 34!!! I think for the future that I will not proclaim my age…” If there’s one person you can’t lie to about your age, it’s your mother.\""
"653" "\"Although it doesn’t have as much popularity as before, you could sell your home in an auction. Auctions help avoid having to spend money on a real estate company. You might also be able to obtain a buyer for your home faster by using this strategy.\""
"654" "\"Toasted peanuts, ½ cup, pounded into small pieces\""
"655" "\"Just then I hit another bump in the road, and the voice shouted out, \\"Hey!\\" in an accusatory manner. I recognized Shrek's tinny voice that time and grinned to myself. At the next bump the plastic McDonald's toy protested again, \\"Hey!\\" My amusement grew, but it wasn't until I crossed the railroad tracks and Shrek lost his temper shouting, \\"Alright! Cut it out!\\" that I couldn't keep my giggles to myself.\""
"656" "\"He wasn’t a high maintenance kid, that wasn’t it at all. But when he didn’t get what he wanted, he\""
"657" "\"Each of us is so incredibly special and loved dearly by our Heavenly Father, who has sent us to this Earth that we might have joy and continue on our journey towards exaltation and brilliant perfection. He is on our side and He wants us to succeed; unlike others who, for reasons specific to each of them, are threatened by the bold life of a person committed to rising above the norm. We need to throw off our cloaks of fear and embrace the light-filled life of accomplishing our divine directives. Only then will we have happiness and peace and lasting joy. It serves no one but the adversary when we shrink from rising to our full potential.\""
"658" "\"I am really liking all our new \\"habits!\\"\""
"659" "\"6. Post my giveaway on your blog!\""
"660" "\"and the idea of it\""
"661" "\"‘Softpack‘ (this is really the best thing ever, but it’s hard to describe. Thankfully, I found a photo of it! You get naked on a special bed covered in plastic and an attendant covers you in stuff, which could be mud or something fragrant of that consistency. Then you lay down and get covered by the plastic, which is warm. Then it inflates and you’re floating for upwards of 30 minutes in a warm mud bath while something like yoga music plays in the room. The room is dark and the attendant leaves you. You can fall asleep, and I have. I’ve also meditated. It is the closest thing I’ve ever experienced to being in a womb, minus that whole ‘breathing fluids’ part). It’s a treatment that’s available at our local spas, and it’s by far my favorite thing to do. I’m not sure if this is available in American spas, as I’ve never gone to a spa in the US… but if it’s not, then I’d definitely recommend it for when you happen to travel to Germany!\""
"662" "\"Dafuq? Dude, you’re saying that by finishing our plates, we can reduce starvation? Wow. (sarcasm)\""
"663" "\"It's been a busy day with relatives visiting and cookie making and much laughter. Ally has had trouble going to sleep tonight, no doubt tortured by the anticipation of opening gifts tomorrow morning with Grammy and Papaw. Then we're in for another round of visiting, gifting, and over eating, followed by yet another day of visiting, gifting, and over eating on Christmas Day.\""
"664" "\"So I was standing in my computer room AKA the catch all room, looking at my craft racks. I stopped to gaze at my Cricket machine and many of the other supply items I have stored on my shelf. I love my hobby and it's so expensive. Can I really afford to go??\""
"665" "\"Things to know about Mountain O’ Mounts\""
"666" "\"It seems like it was only recently that fashion photography was acknowledged as an art form. But even so, it is not often featured in gallery shows and it was by chance that I stumbled across a show called Threads: Six Masters of Fashion Photography at the Diemar/Noble Photography Gallery in London. On display and for sale was the work of six fashion photographers including:\""
"667" "\"Maths on copybook\""
"668" "\"Batch 006 - St. Defibaugh Special Ale - This has been in bottles for about 3 weeks and just starting to carb up. I'm really happy with how it tastes - it's like eating some incredibly sweet gingerbread cookies while smoking a clove cigarette. I give it 2 months before it's ready, 10 before it's at its peak.\""
"669" "\"After Family Home Evening, we put the kids to bed, and the grown ups sat around and chatted. I worked on my blog as we chatted, and yeah, it's almost 11pm now. I didn't do a good job in being brief, OR focusing... hehe. I got distracted. But I'm going to bed now. Or maybe I'll watch the season finale of Walking Dead with headphones! ROFL! :)\""
"670" "\"Have you found that lifting two full grocery sacks has become more difficult to do than in the past? What about doing things that were once relatively easy to do? Have some of them started to tax your strength and stamina? Are they now just plain hard to do?\""
"671" "\"While courtly love, this ideal of romance, was at its peak, women like Christine began to expose “the attitudes it promoted toward women, and its reduction of romance to sexual conquest—and abandonment” (Kelly 10). Women were nothing more than sexual objects made to feel empowered for the purposes of the game but ultimately losing.\""
"672" "\"Did you celebrate when CM Punk won the title from John Cena back in Chicago way back when? How about when Daniel Bryan pinned the Big Show? When Zack Ryder finally climbed the tower to achieve his first official championship, despite his custom made title carrying a lot more weight (no pun intended)? Let me make it perfectly clear: you can count on one hand how many titles in the big two companies of professional wrestling are worth even a fourth of a damn. Why, you may be asking? Because the titles are merely for show now.\""
"673" "\"1. Now that I am fully awake (unlike yesterday, when I had not yet finished my breakfast of sugar-free Rockstar and determination), I remember the correct line from the Mary Poppins spin-off is \\"There is something you should understand about the way I work. When you need me but do not want me, then I must stay. When you want me but no longer need me, then I have to go.\\" I'm not sure if that's the way Flow operates.\""
"674" "\"Jack has left his petition hanging….he don’t want to upset the parliament.\""
"675" "\"Rick and Amil find a strange girl washed up on the shore with a stranger pendant that glows eerily. After leaving her in a doctor’s care, they prepare for another day of baking, but the chimney is blocked by a fallen branch, and the pressure destroys the oven. The gang pays a visit to Hank in the Dwarven mountains, who demands steep upfront payment. That night the military orders a townwide curfew and blackout, as a fleet of pirate ships approaches the island. The girl wakes up, knowing little but her name – Kaguya. The light of her pendant attracts angry soldiers. The ship fires a devastating blow near the town, but an automaton Hank has in his shop returns fire, destroying the ship.\""
"676" "\"Ok peeps, here's the deal - I've decided to get out of the vintage costume jewelry biz. The reasons are many and varied, but the result is that I've decided to sell my entire stockpile of jewelry in one big lot! I was originally thinking I would list it at auction on eBay, but when I started to work on getting it ready to list, I realized I was looking at hours and hours of work... Not fun!\""
"677" "\"So, I have realised that emotional fuckwittage is as good a description for women who have no control over their emotions, as it is for the men described in Bridget Jones Diary. And at times a better description. The same women will most probably think that I am a traitor to women, women should stand together and all that. But they are just as good at being emotional fuckwittages to other women, and I cannot identify with that kind of woman. They are also usually the high maintenance kind, expecting their boyfriends to be romantic and buy them flowers, when they never do anything remotely romantic back. It's all take and no give with them.\""
"678" "\"7:30 – The King Left, Drink Up Buttercup @ Mercury Lounge $10 (21+)\""
"679" "\"Yesterday I began my day at Westside Lexus. You want to learn how to make your customers happy? Take a lesson from the service department.\""
"680" "\"superstitious, they never ate anyone that was less than whole. So after\""
"681" "\"12 – 3 p.m. Stone Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer Department\""
"682" "\"Linda stirs beside me in the bed and takes a peek at the clock. I snuggle up behind her and put my arms around her.\""
"683" "\"Oh and also... there are no pimps here at Our Tiny Place.\""
"684" "\"Saturday, we got all gussied up and headed to a beautiful wedding for some friends of ours. Get this: the groom is my brother's best friend, and he met his now-wife through E-harmony, and she happened to be the daughter of my aunt's best friend. Weird, huh? I love how you find random connections with people like that.\""
"685" "\"\\"I know where we should go\\", I suddenly squealed, getting all excited at the thought of my impending suggestion. \\"The Ivy\\". My London friend laughed again. \\"You will never get into the Ivy at his short notice - they are booked for months in advance.\""
"686" "\"Time for nomination !\""
"687" "\"- Querying before your manuscript is ready\""
"688" "\"I am the Advocacy Coordinator at St. Anthony Foundation. Once, after introducing myself as St. Anthony's Advocacy Coordinator, I asked a group of high school aged volunteers if any of them knew what advocacy was. One young man raised his hand and said, \\"isn't that when you, like, don't have sex, or something?\\" I don't know if he was thinking of \\"abstinence\\" or \\"celibacy\\" - he surely wasn't thinking about advocacy.\""
"689" "\"You can always find dad tinkering in his shed down the back.\""
"690" "\"Referred to casually as an \\"into Africa\\" scenario – as opposed to an \\"out of Africa\\" one – this would mean that \\"our ancestors lived in Europe and only later migrated to Africa, where modern humans are thought to have evolved.\\"\""
"691" "\"However what did strike me was the difference in ‘tone’ of the different phases of the event.\""
"692" "\"Because let's face it. Your sister will be awake soon, and then all this meditation on the wonder of new life flies right out the window because I know we are out of goldfish crackers.\""
"693" "\"blossoms and pink silktree blooms\""
"694" "\"I like that even although they are dirty, they are old, they have been to loads of places, met a lot of people, have memories litterly on them (there's hot chocolate stains from an 'accident' in a cafe) they are still luminated. They can still shine brightly. Maybe not as bright as a brand new pair, but they are trying... and I like that my shoes still try and that they are still beautiful and wonderful even although they might be a little old.\""
"695" "\"I do a variation of this salad at least three times a week. The best part is you can add or subtract about anything and it is still going to taste fabulous. I buy the huge bag of spinach at Costco and it lasts a week or two. It is also way easy to take to dinners or pot lucks.\""
"696" "\"Happy Saturday all! The scale is headed back in the right direction for me. Phew! I won week-1 of the fat loss challenge I am doing with an office friend and I am back on track with kettlebells, weights, running, etc. Feels good! I have a super-duper-crazy two weeks ahead. I hope I can keep it up!\""
"697" "\"Also, I'm trying to branch out to different sized photos rather than printing everything to fit perfectly in the pockets. Using Instagr.am on my iPhone is a fun way to mix things up, too! Most of the photos this week are printed at 4 x 4 and 3 x 3. I'm thinking about trying out 2 x 2 -- maybe next week...\""
"698" "\"To further your education, Mr Cameron, you must understand that wars are fought between rival tribes, races and religions not in order to sate mankind’s desire for violence but as a means to an end, with the end being one thing and one thing only — political control over the defeated people. When you act against Britain’s Christians in the way that you now do, and lock up Englishmen who dare to portray Mohammed in posters, you are in effect enforcing sharia law against traditional Britain.\""
"699" "\"As for the reaction of those in Congress, I am a little disturbed by the haughtiness of those who believe that they need more protection for themselves in the wake of this attack. I say if they can afford it, they should absolutely hire more security for themselves out of their own means, not that of the taxpayers. Otherwise, they can live under the same laws and in the same environment they have set up for the rest of us to live in. If DC is a gun-free zone, then those laws need to apply to them too. If their district does not allow for \\"shall issue\\" concealed carry permits, then they shouldn't have any special privileges for self protection either.\""
"700" "\"“The Audacity\""
"701" "\"GROUP 4 Conditioning\""
"702" "\"This work might, therefore, be considered a supplemental or complementary treatment of various specifics of the overall topic, though many aspects previously dealt with in my other books will be presently touched upon, and this book has enough “new” subject matter to stand on its own right, apart from the others. The relationship of the Bible and Catholic doctrine is the greatest single emphasis of my own apologetic endeavors.\""
"703" "\"Yesterday, at a house-warming party, I spent a long time talking to some of my friends in the Humboldt Permaculture Guild about various aspects of garden design, and the subject of peach trees on the coast came up. My friend Levon was talking about a consultation he’d done for a local resident’s orchard, and they had asked what to do about the problem of peach leaf curl. He said he told them the various ways to try to manage it, but the real answer was: “Cut down your peach trees and plant more plums.” Plums do great along the coast here, he pointed out, with little management or intervention, as do pears and apples. Why fight a constant (and probably losing) battle to keep your poor Frost peaches alive when there are plenty of fruit trees that thrive in this environment without our help?\""
"704" "\"In reality, if the publisher is operating on Net, you should ask for 16% (instead of 10%) for the first 5000 copies and then do the math from there on up. (Because 16% of $15 is $2.40 per book—pretty close on to the cover price royalty calculation.)\""
"705" "\"I hope to get the best cards\""
"706" "\"is concerned.\""
"707" "\"I'll be doing a review of that Taobao.com haul in an upcoming post, but for now, this is just a different velvet dress I picked up from Chicabooti recently. I'm so glad I found it, as I think it's such a wonderful staple dress for both winter or autumn. The dense texture creates an interesting, three-dimensional surface in jewel blue tones, but the design itself is simple and practical enough to be worn for any occasion. It makes a nice change from all the black dresses I've hoarded over my mission to find *that* one-for-all-event LBD (which by the way, does not exist in singularity. I don't believe it.)\""
"708" "\"All you need to do to participate in the poll is to leave a comment on this post with your top three choices (order doesn't matter). The initial vote will close on the 22nd of January, midnight Pacific Standard Time and we will debut the seven Reader's Choice singers and bands on the 23rd for your vote.\""
"709" "\"St. Peregrine (1260-1345)\""
"710" "\"As well as being well-researched, this book is highly entertaining, with several chapters ending on cliffhangers. I even checked Amy Butler Greenfield’s website to see if she had written any other books which blended fashion, history, politics and science into such an absorbing read. Maybe a non-fiction version of The Color Purple? I’d buy it.\""
"711" "\"The evil taunting of the walls\""
"712" "\"Hi there !Wish u and your family a very happy new year .Hope u all have a gr8 rocking year ahead ! It was a long long break of 2 whole months,i really missed my palate corner but was just tied up with the happy holidays and my short vacations around melbourne ,was really not in mood to cook something new,but now in this year i want to concentrate more on my blog and cooking and want to be regular here.I am really very sad as 23rd dec palate corner,my blog turned 1 and it just passed like a flash ,i was not able to post anything on that day as my laptop's hard drive was crashed just the day before and for 10 days literally i was without internet,also my hubby Aj was away to sydney for 3-4 days and so i really didnt had any chance to post something for my blog's first anniversary,but had made few things to celeberate that day and will surely post them soon.I am excited to announce some more awards which i recieved when i was away and therefore posting so late,my apologises for the same.\""
"713" "\"For if you forgive men when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you.\""
"714" "\"Happy or Moody most of the time? A bit more moody this past week, think I am over feeling nauseous!\""
"715" "\"In peace and love\""
"716" "\"He tried me several days, with a gap of hours, sending SMS messages when they were not answered, trying from different mobiles but I was arrogant to react and avoided every call.\""
"717" "\"You would think that would be the end of it. It wasn’t. There was much more to come, but that’s a story for a different day.\""
"718" "\"If the dish was made of glass?\""
"719" "\"Thrusday I was feeling a lot better and wanted to get my kids out but I felt guilty knowing I was still considered contagious. I love my neighborhood and the friends I have here, because with out hardly asking they took my kids out on bike rides, to the park, to climb the tree etc. They were great. And even though I was feeling better it was nice to have that break, to get caught up on my house which looked like.....well, it looked like I had been sick for three days :)\""
"720" "\"I am now back at the hospital and by her bedside. She looks and sounds SO much better! Dr. King and case manager Tami came by before they left for the day. Dr. King said that it will be at least 1 to 2 days before we get the results from the incision culture and the blood culture. If the infection is in the blood, we could be looking at months of serious antibiotics and a tougher bug to kill. If it is a local infection in her wound, we are looking at 1 to 2 weeks of antibiotics. Either way, we will be here for AT LEAST another week... if not longer.\""
"721" "\"And if not the Kardashians, then whoever the next schmuck on American Idol happens to be. Or Dancing With the Stars. Or whatever \\"reality\\" show du jour is \\"the thing\\" at the moment.\""
"722" "\"3) Make use of differentiated instruction strategically and purposefully for all students. The accommodations suggested for boys in current literature work for everyone, so it is more important that the students understand that every individual is being accommodated for. Get to know the boys in your class, and the girls too. You may be surprised at the common interests between your students!\""
"723" "\"If it's Wednesday it can mean only one thing! That it's time for the weekly article nominations at the Watcher's Council!\""
"724" "\"This week’s candidates for dinner include:\""
"725" "\"YOU have what it takes to navigate around life’s speed bumps. All it takes is a little spring cleaning.\""
"726" "\"Success is failure turned inside out--\""
"727" "\"Simply come along to the next Entrepreneur Connect Networking event at Adam Street Private Members Club and you will have the opportunity to give a 60 second elevator pitch infront of a film crew!\""
"728" "\"I have had a great weekend... and it's even better because today is a holiday in Calgary! My sister arrived on Thursday afternoon and we spent the weekend at Crop-A-Ganza in Red Deer. We had a great time with Shannon and Deanna, Kate and Lee-Anne (our tablemates)... it was great to meet Melanie face to face after knowing her online for years. It was also great to spend time with Christy, Michelle, Brittany, Cathie, Allison, Susan... it was a great event and I do recommend that you jump at the chance to go next year (you are doing it again, right???)\""
"729" "\"- Pippa Middleton\""
"730" "\"Running in the early morning on the boardwalk is a great way to both get shots I would never otherwise encounter and satisfy my inability* to sit still for long. I even got a SpiBelt – the runner’s fanny pack – to carry my phone. I can now officially be described as an “active geek”, according to “Geeky,” the Spibelt reviewer. This is in contrast to the geek I saw on the beach with his tripod, sitting and waiting for the moment the sun crested the horizon. I, on the other hand, glanced to the left, paused briefly to withdraw phone, and got this shot. He may be able to mount his picture on the wall, but I still have proof I was there. And I got a workout in with a friend. Make that “social active geek.”\""
"731" "\"Makes about 30.\""
"732" "\"It's summer time once more and it calls for a carefree vibe! That includes being hair-free down there (just in case you intend to let that bikini see the sun this summer.) I have been holding off going to the waxing salon for many reasons. One, it might hurt like crazy. Two, it's really embarrassing to let someone else see my well, vajay. Oh, and three, I never really had the guts to wear a bikini before. I was never really new to waxing (I wax my underarms all the time) but this one's different, of course.\""
"733" "\"6. Speakeasy Scarface Stout\""
"734" "\"After each explosion the people were left a little poorer, but the bankers got a little richer.\""
"735" "\"We had a great trip. Including several days in Estes National Park where we finally tracked down a herd of elk. We went from our elevation of 1200ft up to 12,000ft. and back down again. We were gone for 14 days.\""
"736" "\"My husband put together both the double stroller and one of the cribs tonight. It is amazing to be to the point where we are actually doing this. Up until this point, it has been real but not real if that makes any sense.\""
"737" "\"Tomorrow, day #2.\""
"738" "\"The Saturday was so busy in the dealers' room that it wasn't that noticeable when panels started or ended as the number of attendees kept the hall busy whilst the Nasty Nessie Roller Girls provided a little excitement as they whizzed past helped on by artist Gary Erskine's Roller Grrrls concept. Meanwhile the Imperials and a solitary Tusken Raider of the 501st UK Garrison patrolled the venue at a more leisurely pace.\""
"739" "\"As the three Mod dogs laughed with each other, a rather regal looking Ziggy the greyhound appeared over the grassy ridge and joined them.\""
"740" "\"Title: Aliens Love Underpants\""
"741" "\"Olenese - used in the western country of Olenar and parts of the Ajir Mountains.\""
"742" "\"You want to fling them away.\""
"743" "\"That said, do I believe malicious entities exist?\""
"744" "\"So we packed and headed home to what we thought would be a healthier future. But much like everything else, we were wrong.\""
"745" "\"So, what are some of my favorites?\""
"746" "\"sparkling water\""
"747" "\"Mr. Hunch now makes his entrance. He needs to, because this is a very even matchup when all is read. But after all is said and done, the home field advantage is huge for San Francisco. The 49ers wouldn’t have stood much of a chance in my opinion if last week’s matchup had been held down in the Big Easy. And it’s back to The ‘Stick to decide who represents the NFC in Indianapolis, thanks in part to the Packers laying an egg last week. The weather won’t play a big factor (the heavy rains that pelted my house all of yesterday and last night have now passed on to leave only an occasional shower). But the fans, and the familiar comforts of home, coupled with the lack of a cross-country flight (that may aid the spread of the stomach flu throughout the Giants squad) will make the difference for San Francisco to make their sixth Super Bowl appearance.\""
"748" "\"#17 - Thurman Inaction\""
"749" "\"Addendum: Just a bit more from the publisher’s site:\""
"750" "\"The submission is dated 14 November 2011, and does not appear in the official list of submissions (as far as I can see, let me know if it is there) and deals precisely with the issue in question: namely, to what extent the Commonwealth has the power to regulate traditional and new media.\""
"751" "\"So, little movement in the top 15 apart from the slightly surprising news that LSE has usurped Oxford to climb to second place in the table. Oxford has dropped from first place in 2011 and this change will undoubtedly grab the headlines for the table. Glasgow and Leicester join the top 20 but Sussex and SOAS drop out.\""
"752" "\"How could I not write about Crohn’s? To say I’ve had some crazy experiences is a glorious understatement. You can’t make this stuff up. And thus, it’s perfect writing material.\""
"753" "\"it's really not easy. Those little girls with idyllic dreams, if they were told\""
"754" "\"There’s a look I get from some communities where singing is not the norm. It is a hostile, challenging look that says “no matter how hard you try you are not going to get us to sing with you”. This always disheartens me. I am happiest when I am not needed, that is, when everyone is singing so confidently and and enthusiastically that I can’t be heard over them.\""
"755" "\"EVALUATION:\""
"756" "\"According to US One Direction's lawyer Peter Ross, Cowell’s company should have known better than to bring the UK band to America as One Direction, since he claims UK One Direction was made aware of the US One Direction when it attempted to file its US trade mark application. He is quoted in numerous sources as saying 'Rather than change their name or do anything to avoid confusion or avoid damage to our goodwill, they chose to press ahead and come on their tour'. As proof of the confusion, US One Direction pointed to a recent segment on NBC's Today Show where the UK One Direction was shown, but accompanied accidentally by music from the US One Direction.\""
"757" "\"\\"Wow!\\" he said.\""
"758" "\"Some people struggle with their finances and the very idea of surrendering or trusting them to God is a toughie.\""
"759" "\"The comprehensive menu runs through the usual suspects of stir-fries, congees and hotpots. Fried glutinous rice ($13) is a satisfying mix of sticky rice with slivers of omelette, mushroom, shallots and lap cheong pork sausage. Dig into the garlic chives with pork blood and pork skin ($10.80). It’s one way to increase your iron levels.\""
"760" "\"Ch 5, 3 tr in ring, ch 5, sl st in ring, ch 5, 3tr in ring, ch5, sl st in ring.\""
"761" "\"With that, brings me to the title of this post. What a Weekend! This weekend will be fun and probably pure chaos. This year, with our budget, we could not afford to do a big birthday and a big gift, both. So we gave Bubbs the choice of choosing one or the other. Let me clarify \\"big\\". A big party is what we have done just about every year. He always invites his whole class, plus other friends and family and we book a party somewhere, like at a skating rink, play palace, or something like that. It costs easily a couple hundred or more just for the party. For the \\"big\\" present, now that he is a little older, he wants cool gadgets, electronics, and video game systems for gifts. So we try to get him one big present and a few smaller ticket gifts.\""
"762" "\"The multiple and proliferating streams of Critical Theory continue to enrich scholarly and research fields in the humanities and political sciences. In the fields of education theory to media analysis, from cultural theory to theories of ‘the city’, from aesthetics to theories of the law critical theorists continue to employ perspectives and approaches that challenge, provoke and subvert the standard clichés and tropes of empirical sociology and positivism in the humanities and political sciences.\""
"763" "\"10.Dear Prudence (The Beatles cover)\""
"764" "\"This site is specially good when your focus is on Fashion products, since most users here just seem to love it. If your daily updates resonate with others on this blogging platform they'll start following you. This simply means that your updates will be reflected on their dashboards to be viewed in turn - by their followers.\""
"765" "\"A discussion then followed the presentation. Johann G. Averbach, M.D. blended \\"forbidden tendencies\\" with \\"bloodthirsty and sexy comic books\\" and compared comic books with fairy tales, concluding that \\"the fantastic elements of fairy tales depicts a world far removed from reality\\", therefore it doesn't harm a child. The last comparison was to Pavlov's dog, \\"where aggression and sexual desire are stimulated by the presentation of comic book pictures\\".\""
"766" "\"Black God, White Devil is a film of action and little exposition. It can be difficult to follow at certain times since it doesn’t establish its characters in a traditional way. We frequently see characters introduced in the midst of a greater action. When we first meet Sebastian he is at the center of an impromptu revival among the people of the sertão. For a while, we have a difficult time picking out who the leader is. Only gradually do we realize that Manuel has joined into the celebration.\""
"767" "\"One study shows that acupuncture treatment may be effective in treating anisometropia, a condition in which one eye focuses much better than the other. Acupuncture can reduce the differences in refractive powers between the eyes so that both eyes can have similar image quality. This helps reduce the amblyopia problem. However, its long-term effectiveness remains unknown.\""
"768" "\"The big night came and the “holy” family paraded out, followed lastly by the guru himself, who then perched on the highest throne. Now I have told you all of this to get to this point. The crowd began to worship the guru and the other members of the family. At this point one of my band mates nudged me and told me to look at the family on their thrones. When I did this I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. They were there, but they had changed. They looked different. There were other entities that night that manifested on that stage and looking back now almost 40 years later, it is my opinion that what I saw was the demonic manifestation that in-dwelt each of these people.\""
"769" "\"So what am I working on... well I am quilting another quilt for a friend. My second commission piece.... YEAH! But OMG am I having tension problems and this is after the Bernina dealer worked on my machine for two hours! I don't know if it is the thread or needle or what. Finally, I have used a new needle, new spools of thread for both the blue top thread and white bottom thread AND lowered the top tension and tightened the bottom tension and think it is finally right.\""
"770" "\"And they did come. With a baseball bat. They found a younger smaller boy in my neighborhood and grabbed him by the collar and threatened him with the bat until he told them where I lived. They rang my doorbell and said they just wanted to talk to me. I –stupidly!– opened the door. They tried to shove their way in but I somehow got the door closed and locked and I bolted up the stairs to call my mother’s office.\""
"771" "\"I told him about my NBBC Ranger IPA test. He said, buy two similar age beers, put the on the shelf for a month, and then conduct your sippy test. Tom believes, after 04-06 weeks, a bottled beer will exhibit degradation; a canned beer, not.\""
"772" "\"Because truly- it is all that any of us have.\""
"773" "\"She looks touched, she looks happy! \\"We'll see! Anyway, how come you didn't reply to any of my messages that I left on your phone?\\"\""
"774" "\"Feeling sure that what they sought was still ahead of them, the party arrived at the edge of the water. All was dark now that the staff had been removed. Elysia cast Fly and transported herself and Ferros across to the far side. They began their search of the cells where the demons had been imprisoned. There were huge scratches in the stone of the cells, marks of the frustration and anger that the demons had experienced during their centuries of imprisonment but no obvious signs of secret doors. Ferros’ Locate Object spell was still running, and he began to sense that it was nearby. Using triangulation, he pinpointed it about fifteen feet beyond the wall of the most left-hand cell. The wall seemed very solid indeed and it was likely that there was some other route to its location.\""
"775" "\"As they bicker back and forth, Hulk Hogan shows up on the screen. He informs Roode that he will have a Title summit with all of the champions in the ring later tonight. As for Anderson and Hardy, they will be involved in a Number One Contender match, later tonight.\""
"776" "\"This is a quick letter, partly because....well, if I'm being honest it's because I don't remember enough to talk about it. Everything I can think of needs to go in your five month letter. Let's not get started on how behind I am on weekly pictures. Mom fail.\""
"777" "\"then this might be awkward.\""
"778" "\"“I’ve got to find his perfect will for my life,” “I just need to get a better prayer life,” “I really should read the Bible more,” “I’ve got to tell more people about Jesus,” “God really wants to teach me patience,” “God’s really been convicting me of this lately,” “I need to be more selfless,” “I need to surrender more to Jesus” “God is calling me to do this” “I really need to stop loving this or that more than Jesus”\""
"779" "\"meds only do so much.\""
"780" "\"Paper:: Cardstock and Pattern Paper - Autumn Leaves Manhattan collection\""
"781" "\"Starkey never blamed race for the problems as the elites blame Whites. They are racist against Whites. Racism hopes to blame problems on a racial scapegoat. If the Hutus have a bad crop, it must be because of the Tutsi; if there are race riots in England it must be because of White racism.\""
"782" "\"Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 3 for Windows and Macintosh is available now at www.adobe.com/uk/store. The estimated street price is £198 for new users with an upgrade price of £63 for qualified registered Lightroom users. Recommended system requirements are Macintosh OS X v 10.5, 10.6 with Intel® based processor, or Microsoft® Windows® 7, Windows Vista® Home Premium, Business, Ultimate, or Enterprise or Windows XP with Service Pack 3, Intel® Pentium® 4 processor, 2 GB RAM and a 1,024x768 resolution screen.\""
"783" "\"This is it straight out of the packet. It is quite boxy, and my modern instinct is to take it in at the waistline, but my vintage instinct is to keep to the authentic 60's silhouette - oh, what to do?!\""
"784" "\"Bill is known for his thorough planning. He is cautious of change until he has had a chance to study all the ramifications of it. That process is important to him, because to take action without understanding the variables is wrong. Bill, more than anything else, hates to be wrong.\""
"785" "\"In pursuit for some fish and some hunting we drove a bit further around to the bay which was sheltered. The kids played in the abandoned houses since crocodiles lurk in these waters and swimming is a no-no. We did a huge walk up the beach to a few mangroves and there collected long bottoms or bunybu a twisted shellfish that you cook and eat as well as a handful of snails. The snails are delicious, the long bottoms...not so much.\""
"786" "\"Well, Dave, “political legacy” is another way to say history and unfortunately, America is not big on history beyond the iconic after-images.\""
"787" "\"Trinity Male Choir - Christians, Awake, Salute the Happy Morn 1922 FINAL (fixed)\""
"788" "\"AirTran Flight 15 departed Orlando International Airport Jan. 8 and was heading south about 400 feet off the ground when Capt. Jerry Egel was hit in the face by a bright green laser.\""
"789" "\"Merry Christmas! I hope you all enjoyed the weekend with your friends and family! We were full of blessings this year and I just wanted to share some of our celebrating with you!\""
"790" "\"What does God Look Like?\""
"791" "\"We had an absolutely wonderful time. So much fun, and such good company. Today, sadly, I'm back, back to the drudgery of eating Egg Beaters and roughage, reading bedtime stories, and having to pay for my cocktails. My high-roller glory days are behind me. I won't look back.\""
"792" "\"And here are the creations from the DT´s.\""
"793" "\"I’m not the more informed on all details, I’ve read about it like a lot of people but I think those projects are digital censorship, it’s always about the economical defense of the industry.\""
"794" "\"All I can promise you, is me, exactly the way that I am. You have me. You have me like no one has ever had me before, it is a vulnerability that I have never touched before and one that I manage everyday.\""
"795" "\"I think I may be cheating ever so slightly\""
"796" "\"So if you want the Science… keep reading. If you have read enough…do ONE thing…become aware…do your own experiment…give your kids artificial colors one week and see what happens, then try a week of “artificial color free” and see if you can see a difference? Be a detective..this stuff is everywhere food, vitamins, prescription meds, drinks….everywhere!\""
"797" "\"Just what it was the poet poed.\""
"798" "\"Although economic recovery in Larimer County remains slow, there are a few bright spots:\""
"799" "\"Time for a little shameless self promotion.\""
"800" "\"The Man is waiting to use our sole computer to watch some track meet. It's a thing. I don't know why. There's even some sort of fantasy element involved. (A fantasy track team, that is; if there's any sort of role-playing or masturbation while sprinting involved, I don't really want to know.)\""
"801" "\"“I understand the cops are quite clear as to what Roquet or his employer Eiffage hoped to achieve by feeding Strauss-Kahn’s voracious appetite for women,” a Parisian source told The Slog this morning, “but not why Roquet brought in Pazkowski and Lagarde to help.”\""
"802" "\"While he was telling the story he made sure to point out that the first time he saw me I wasn’t caked in makeup nor was I wearing a dress. Turnouts have a way of making everyone look the same. They’re big and heavy – they hide your body shape. The point is, a relationship should never be based on the way you look. There will come a day when your boyfriend will see you without makeup, perhaps you’ll be wearing sweats or you’ll be having a bad hair day, if they truly like you it shouldn’t matter if your hair isn’t perfect or if you break out and refuse to hide behind foundation and pressed powder.\""
"803" "\"Have a great rest of the week!\""
"804" "\"It’s looking a bit better since I first started. From bottom to top is rhubarb – one large clump I inherited and three small crowns I put in. Then there’s the ‘soon to be gone’ weed patch – I’m planning to put sweetcorn in there. Next is the new asparagus bed – two rows of 6 plants, varieties Backlim, Darlise and Gijnlim – in 3 years time I’ll be harvesting the first full crop! Then there’s the beans and potatoes.\""
"805" "\"Were born, and die soon, within a\""
"806" "\"Wow, either I became busy with the world or the world became busy with me! Haha in any case, I have been watching a lot of films ever since I learned a few, er, tricks of the trade and upgraded my home entertainment system at home and all that jazz. So I wasn’t able to jot down a few thoughts here this whole month! And now, we’re ending it! My, time flies really, really fast.\""
"807" "\"I'm always drawn to prickly plants with their dramatic, architectural features. Many are in my preferred blue/pink/purple colour range. Not all their flowers and leaves are spiky with jagged, steely bracts. Some are much more feathery and soft. But the effect is the same and all are great additions to the summer border.\""
"808" "\"well, later on the pics, the server is slow. heh..ciao!\""
"809" "\"Before we even got started in the evening, I took a stroll by myself and just started point and shoot without the flash in the total darkness, just for the hell of it and why not?\""
"810" "\"EDIT: The store I got the board games from is well worth a shout-out. Clifton Road Games near Exeter city centre. Lots of board games to browse and a motley collection of miniature gaming ranges and supplies. A friendly staff member was happy to recommend me games based on my somewhat vague parameters. Without that I'd probably have left without a purchase as I wasn't after anything specific. But after just one game of Evo I'm happy with my purchase.\""
"811" "\"My name is Charisse Smith and I am a Philosophy undergrad, a non-traditional student, and married mother of three at Columbia College, and I just wanted to share an idea with you, if you have a moment.From “On Liberty” by John Stuart Mill, there are two ideas I find very moving.\""
"812" "\"That says, \\"Allain\\" - a quick search doesn't tell me anything about the maker, other than this is probably from the 50s or 60s. But what an awesome gift!\""
"813" "\"SEC. 2. Pursuant to the provisions of Article VI, section 26, of the Constitution, the President is hereby authorize, during the existence of the emergency, to promulgate such rules and regulations as he may deem necessary to carry out the national policy declared in section 1 hereof. Accordingly, he is, among other things, empowered (a) to transfer the seat of the Government or any of its subdivisions, branches, departments, offices, agencies or instrumentalities; (b) to reorganize the Government of the Commonwealth including the determination of the order of precedence of the heads of the heads of Executive Departments; (c) to create new subdivisions, branches, departments, offices, agencies or instrumentalities of government and to abolish any of those already existing; (d) to continue in force laws and appropriations which would lapse or otherwise become inoperative, and to modify or suspend the operation or application of those of an administrative character; (e) to impose new taxes to increase, reduce, suspend or abolish those in existence; (f) to raise funds through the issuance of bonds or otherwise, and to authorize the expenditure of the proceeds thereof; (g) to authorize the national, provincial, city or municipal governments to incur in overdrafts for purposes that he may approve; (h) to declare the suspension of the collection of credits or the payments of debts; and (i) to exercise such other powers as he may deem necessary to enable the Government to fulfill its responsibilities and to maintain and enforce the authority.\""
"814" "\"We saw the wonderful and talented Daphne Willis perform at a house concert. (I don't actually have a thing for girls with goggles - it's just coincidence that the model in my last post had gogs too)\""
"815" "\"When you compile and post your list of 50, 100, or 200+ classics to read within the next five years at your blog, come back here and link your list to this blog according to these instructions. Every time you write about a classic from your list, link it at your main list at your blog. When you finish your entire list, come back here and “reply” to your original comment that announced your list, to let everyone know you have FINISHED your list.\""
"816" "\"Online shopping: the lowdown\""
"817" "\"Of course Obama then makes it seem that letting people keep their money is stealing from veterans, letting people freeze to death (“Or a family that’s struggling to get by maybe is getting less home heating oil assistance.”), old people’s healthcare…along with unconstitutional payments for student loans. As if taxing is the only option, rather than smart cuts, intelligent regulation, efficiency, reduction of waste, and turning programs over to the states. No, Obama has only a vision of tax or no tax. No other option is available because he isn’t even concerned with justice or fairness.\""
"818" "\"CC BY-NC\""
"819" "\"It's the Oklahoma State Sugar Art Show.\""
"820" "\"There’s nothing like measuring the amount of growth you have attained than having your adult child come home for an extended visit. One of the benefits of my experience involves a number of his friends that accompany him. It seems that Phoenix is a fun place to be, and my house is welcoming enough that the friends want to come back.\""
"821" "\"What inspired you to write Between Two Seas?\""
"822" "\"According to the complaint, the FBI informant recorded numerous conversations with Wright in which he discussed the need to obtain explosive devices or make them using the book “The Anarchist Cookbook.”\""
"823" "\"Black Rice\""
"824" "\"ADDRESS ——– LAGOS NIGERIA\""
"825" "\"Future of the Left – sheena is a t-shirt salesman\""
"826" "\"\\"The important thing is,\\" I suggested. \\"It's finally here. The crocus are in flower, the trees and bushes are in bud, the lawns are green, the grass is growing like wildfire.\\"\""
"827" "\"Who are the Grape Men?\""
"828" "\"This morning I awoke to two precious eyes, recently returning from dreamland, looking into mine. I smiled and moved the hair away from his eyes. Looking deep in the depths of them, I told him he was beautiful. He stated, \\"I know, Mama\\" as he snuggled closer.\""
"829" "\"I am writing this at a time when Karachi is engulfed in violence. Just when we thought things were back to normal, and bodies laid to rest, there is news of shootings in Lyari, and an attack on a vehicle at Boat Basin. In the backdrop, there is a larger, duller violence. There is a strike every day -- paramedics for higher wages, people protesting lack of bijli, gas cuts, petrol price hikes, and mehngai. In rural areas, the poverty is so deep that without whole-scale governmental intervention, creation of livelihoods, investments in agriculture, there is no stopping the train of devastation. Instead, beguiling government officials and army walas sell farmland to foreign business, grant permission to the same to sell GMO seeds, and allow back breaking loans for mega projects. In cities there is a vile corporate takeover-- monstrous constructions of elite towers and malls, fully air-conditioned with glistening floors, are in full flow. Billboards outside my street are lit up by a generator guarded by a man in a van. Both funny and vulgar, it seems. In the meanwhile, a girl slips into coma after the light goes out at a government hospital and there is a lapse in her post surgical care. The elite, some of whom partake in the liberal activism, appease themselves, its about fueling the economy when they persist in hosting a top class fashion show -- but their real crime is not in not cancelling the show, but willful blindness to how bleak reality is for the rest of the people.\""
"830" "\"How Time Flies - Rover Records Source #4\""
"831" "\"Is calling black people trash to his children\""
"832" "\"Lead striker, Gomez and a 19-year-old Alaba tried from a long distance in desperate attempts and with 23 minutes played, all Bayern players looked too desperate and careless. They were not punished by the inept Madrid side that lacked a cutting edge that saw them win the El Classico 2-1 a few days ago.\""
"833" "\"On the way up the stairs, Ann stopped him. “Just want to warn you. You’re not going to see anything good in there.”\""
"834" "\"“‘Creative Commons’ licenses can be used with text, blogs, music, audio recordings, podcasts, photographs, videos, songs, websites, and films found on the internet,” (Gordon-Murnane, 2010). Flickr is an online photo sharing community and is also a supporter of Creative Commons. A Flickr user can search through the website specifically for Creative Commons licensed works in all the conditions described above. Google is also a supporter through their main search engine, image search engine as well as their book search engine.\""
"835" "\"Moon saw Greenfingers...\""
"836" "\"72. Astronauts get taller when they are in space.\""
"837" "\"From the moment his mother had seen him walk into the house with his shoulders straighter than usual, she knew something must have happened, he had this puzzled look on his face, but by jolly he had a spring in his step never before seen. His mother baited him with questions and he acted dodgy at best but when he finally let the cat out of the bag, her heart sang in joy, she was glad, but she did not show it you see, she was Irish. She requested her son to bring over said woman, so that the woman could meet her. She had a few words of wisdom she knew she had to impart onto the couple. This she felt sure about, This was the fact that her son’s life had finally found meaning, had finally found purpose, and how long she had wished this for him, well silently of course, she did not want the husband finding out that she entertained fantasies of bliss in her head, that would be fool hardy.\""
"838" "\"And think to your own experience. Don’t you automatically want to like people who have the same name as you? Don’t you feel like they deserve more of a chance than other people? Actors, for example. I don’t just like David Tennant because he’s talented. Irrational as it is, I can’t help feeling that I ought to like him.\""
"839" "\"The fact remains that, unlike my African-American and African-Canadian relatives across the Atlantic I and other African boys growing in Sixties, Post-Colonial Africa had a real flesh and blood African super hero to relate to, did wonders for my self esteem.\""
"840" "\"The first time I was in New York I realized, as everyone instantly does, that this was not only a real city, but the real city.\""
"841" "\"In both cases, the circumstances may be of equal importance. In fiction, as in life, we are expected to restrain our instincts for risky long-term ventures even though we are applauded for acting on impulse when the danger is immediate.\""
"842" "\"* Facilitate the uptake of research findings by assisting in presenting research results to key audiences and developing materials that support the translation of the findings into practical outcomes\""
"843" "\"Absolutely horrendous viewing, and that was only from the limited amount I saw.\""
"844" "\"The building is stunning, modern and sure to be the image for New York City once it is complete. A great addition to the skyline and will act as a beacon of hope and remembrance for those who remember 9/11. Photos below.\""
"845" "\"Hands down, one of them stands above the rest,\""
"846" "\"The nostalgic note in his voice made her wonder where he’d grown up, what his life had been like before he’d become a star athlete. He’d denied it that night in the ER, but surely he had family somewhere.\""
"847" "\"As you would expect there is an initiative roll every turn to see who gets to go first.\""
"848" "\"We had a blast in California, it was a great time and we spent plenty of nice quality time together which was nice & I hope Alexa has a lot of fond memories of this trip. She says \\"you're such a cool mom...you've taken me to Chicago and San Francisco all by yourself...most mom's don't do that\\" LOL. Then she follows that up at dinner telling someone that most of her friends want her to hang out sometimes but she'd rather hang out with me instead...so her friends call her a dork LOL. The teacher asked in her English class for everyone to write a paper on who they most admired...amazingly Alexa wrote about me...it was lovely, probably one of the most touching things I've ever read. So I guess in 16 looooong years I have been doing \\"something\\" right, yes? Cuz as parents we never really know or feel like we are getting thru sometimes to our kids...especially teens KWIM! So it was great to celebrate her 16th birthday with this trip...something I'll always remember!\""
"849" "\"Does this mean he doesn’t believe at all in the value of economic growth? No, the president’s new appointee is not trying to eliminate economic growth from the equation, as he also believes that “sustained increases in national income – that is, economic growth – are required for poverty reduction.” Relying on previous research, he argues that countries that made crucial developments in poverty reduction and human development have also “done quite well in securing long-term economic growth.”\""
"850" "\"Like Rich, she believes that America is nothing but a proposition nation, as she thinks that our universities and our job market ought to be open to more educated foreigners, regardless of what that means for American citizens who get pushed out or replaced.\""
"851" "\"The shrinkage in Irish household sizes is to be expected and furthermore is in line with realities in the rest of Europe. According to Eurostat, in 2009 the average EU household size was 2.4. This hides a large variation with Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Malta having 2.9 and at the other end of the spectrum Germany, Denmark and Sweden with just 2.0. Eurostat reported that we had a 2.7 average size here in 2009. It seems though that the long term trend for all countries is average household size is reducing. In 1971 in the UK there were 2.9 people per household with one person households accounting for 18% of households. In 2009 that had fallen to 2.4 per household and one person households accounted for 29% of households. And as forIreland, here’s a table setting out our population, number of households, household size and % of households having a single occupant since the first census in the State in 1926.\""
"852" "\"While it’s to be expected that eventually older phones will no longer have support for the latest OS, Apple’s support for older phones is generally better than Android’s. Take for instance, iOS 5, its latest OS. It includes full support for the iPhone 3GS, a nearly three-year-old phone as of this writing. Because of that, roughly 75% of iPhone 3GS-4S users were running iOS 5 6 months after its release.\""
"853" "\"Erik Wenzel is an artist living in Chicago. He received his MFA from The University of Chicago in 2009 and his BFA from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2003. Recent solo exhibitions include \\"Warm For Your Formalism\\" at DOVA temporary and \\"Belief in Doubt in Painting\\" at 65GRAND (Chicago) both in 2009. This Fall Wenzel will present \\"Live A Little, Live Ennui\\" at the President's Gallery of Harold Washington College. He is currently editing and contributing to “Internal Necessity: a reader tracing the inner logics of the contemporary art field” to be published by Sternberg Press in August.\""
"854" "\"The tulip season is almost over and a week or so ago I got to see the farmers busy chopping off the tulip flowers (a process known as tulpen koppen, in Dtuch) and in some cases, even removing the bulbs from the fields to be sold, exported or stored away.\""
"855" "\"18.Frank Blevins + His Tar Heel Rattlers - I've Got No Honey\""
"856" "\"When they are that little and learning, when they want to do it, the opportunity has to be there!!\""
"857" "\"Rather, they acculturate them to militant identity politics aimed at doing away with merit. Dissolving the American people and electing another, to paraphrase Bertolt Brecht, will likely erode American institutions further, and may well replicate on American soil the terrifying conflicts that mar the Third World. Ever the source of deafening demagoguery about the virtues of democracy, American leaders might wish to consider that, “Severely divided societies are short on community,” and “community is a prerequisite for majority rule.”\""
"858" "\":: Last week's gorgeous weather was such a tease. It has been raining since Monday pretty much. Our backyard is a freaking lake. And there are giant worms and slugs coming out of who knows where and completely disgusting me. Of course Ryann is bouncing up and down, \\"Ohhhh WORM. Shh-lug. I want to see! I want to see!\\" Eeew eeew eeew. I HATE bugs of any kind. Except maybe butterflies.\""
"859" "\"\\"Awww - he's cheatin,\\" whined the the first.\""
"860" "\"Identities slip and change and merge and never seem to be fully grounded because that's L.A. Specifically, that's the way of people constantly trying on different masks as they strive to be what they believe each person wants them to be; of people who try on identities like shirts in a Macy's fitting room because they aspire to make a living being different people, because they need different things from different people with different temperaments, as they glad-hand and ass-kiss and schmooze and gently pester and fuck their way up the rear fire escape of the Hollywood food chain. It's a town of bottom feeders all convinced they're the next Brando or Meryl Streep or (God help us) the next Orlando Bloom or somebody, and they're fully prepared to kill — be it relationships or friendships or their own dignity — to keep the shards of their increasingly cracked illusions from hitting the floor around them.\""
"861" "\"Since then, things have been pretty great. I’m able to maintain healthy sexual relationships and as time goes on it gets easier for me to trust people. But sometimes, I still show symptoms of the immense psychological damage that rape can do. The worst are the flashbacks. I’d gone months without one, but in the last week I’ve been having vivid flashbacks while having sex with my boyfriend.\""
"862" "\"Look, all I’m saying is this- there is no reason to be so totally oblivious to the discontent, discord, and disharmony (I don’t care if that’s a word or not) in my life that can be directly linked to LoseNinja. So, if I can focus on that, then I can start to point to the things that are going to be better now that he’s no longer the major focal point in my life.\""
"863" "\"Please fade away. Please die.\""
"864" "\"I know I've already posted this LO but I wanted to show you how the 8.5\\"x11\\" LO is works with a 12x12 album.\""
"865" "\"I double dare you to try using this embossing powder.\""
"866" "\"In the meantime they are planted in a temporary container......\""
"867" "\"Works Cited\""
"868" "\"As in not on the premises so there absolutely was no laborer but me? I realize my yard will never look like a magazine ad but I was hoping to maybe get enough mulch out to keep the moisture from evaporating around the bushes. Hours later I came in to get cleaned up thinking I would join friends and festivities at the local Irishman's Pub. As I was toweling my hair dry I turned on the tv and realized they were calling \\"Jockeys up!\\". No way could I get hair, make-up, clothing and driving to the pub done in a few minutes. So I went to fetch a beverage and watch the race thinking I would still meet up with friends for the Cinco celebrations.\""
"869" "\"For she waited in darkness.\""
"870" "\"Also please visit these other publishing samples that apply these concepts:\""
"871" "\"I hope you remember Leontien, my virtual friend who moved from the Netherlands to America to chase her dream of owning a dairy farm. She and her husband Bastiaan have the dairy farm, and it’s very near the site of the Limberlost, made famous by Gene Stratton Porter in her books. Unfortunately, just as all Leontien’s dreams were coming together, she was diagnosed with melanoma.\""
"872" "\"liability company. Searchlight Educational Trust, a registered limited liability company, is also registered as a charity with\""
"873" "\"Here is what you can win. This lovely PENDANT WATCH, I bought one and love it so much I knew I had to give one of them to the winner of my ANNIVERSARY GIVEAWAY. These cute BEE EARRINGS and this adorable FRIENDSHIP NECKLACE because I consider all of my followers my friends. I will be adding a couple more goodies before the GIVEAWAY ends.\""
"874" "\"Visitors will be able to view our studios and gallery and pic up a map and brochure for the other many wonderful studios open this weekend in the Shire.\""
"875" "\"He didn’t use the door; he seeped through the walls,\""
"876" "\"If you ever watch Frasier, a sitcom I absolutely love partially because I’m in love with Niles, they are Psychiatrists, not Psychologists, and they seem to spend the entire “almost hour” with their patients. Now, however, you don’t get that and I miss it. (But we all know American Healthcare is in the fucking toilet so I guess I’m just beating an already dead horse (excuse the metaphor) on that one.) While I do eventually want to be a Psychologist, I think it would be better if I was with an actual Psychiatrist for the entire time and I would like him, or her, to do the talk therapy with me so he can try to figure out what it is I really need without fucking guessing. Sometimes people just need talk therapy, which I know is part of what I need, but I also need actual medicine because there is a chemical imbalance which is causing me to have some of the thoughts and feelings I’m having and I would really like one person to take care of all of this!\""
"877" "\"“In this you greatly rejoice, though now for a little while you may have had to suffer grief in all kinds of trials. These have come so that your faith – of greater worth than gold, which perishes even though refined by fire – may be proved genuine and may result in praise, glory and honour when Jesus Christ is revealed.”\""
"878" "\"Rose and his sponsors\""
"879" "\"Necklaces : Gifted\""
"880" "\"I sure hope they restock- I haven't even had a chance to check it out! Did that happen in your city? Or did you score anything great?\""
"881" "\"An aide to Cheney disclosed the surgery after it was complete. She said the ex-vice president, who has suffered five heart attacks over the years, had been waiting for a transplant for more than 20 months.\""
"882" "\"Bosnia and Herzegovina then stole my heart from Finland, primarily because one of their members spent the first half of the song skipping around the stage. I love skipping; it's so carefree, just like Bosnia.\""
"883" "\"These were the recommended plants, but I'm wondering exactly how the watering will accomodate the water-thirsty tomatos and peppers as well as the sage and rosemary that prefer drier soil.\""
"884" "\"The proceeds of our fund-raisers is used to address capital and operation cost that the garden incurs seasonally, including: paying for insurance and water usage, purchasing assorted materials (wood, fencing, special plants), and other fees. These fund enables The Clifton Place Garden to continue to meet it commitment of being a green oasis for the community in this corner of Clinton Hill, Brooklyn.\""
"885" "\"I wanted to price out eyeshadow primer so we went by Sephora. There were a couple of seemingly unattended 8-9yo girls rabidly applying and washing off as much tester makeup as they could. So of course Emberly wanted some makeup. I told her she had to pick out ONE eyeshadow and ONE lipstick and she could try it before we left.\""
"886" "\"i miss you\""
"887" "\"Almonds and apricots - snack of choice this week.\""
"888" "\"were made by the same guy. I picked these two for the\""
"889" "\"Well, that's some of the fun stuff I've been up to! I'll be posting recipes for lots of these later on. Now, I'm off for a fun evening with the girls, plus tomorrow is the craft fair!\""
"890" "\"“Yeah,” she agreed as her feet alit. “Plus I can smell the sticky sweetness.”\""
"891" "\"3) Join our Event Facebook group\""
"892" "\"this past week has truly been one of the worst weeks ever. i am choosing to not get into it here for many reasons but believe me when i say it was full of bad news and drama and i hope to never go through what we went through ever again.\""
"893" "\"My kids and I were invited to a media event at Legoland tonight. (It was a very cool place and we had a blast, but I'll write more about that later.) At one point, in the evening, there was a competition for anyone who wanted to participate. The goal was to build something from outer space with Legos. Jackson built a little green alien on a Mars rover. He won the competition and was awarded a Star Wars Lego set.\""
"894" "\"5/1/12: Q: If you could become rich and famous for writing one thing and one thing only. What would you want that one thing to be? Don’t over-think it. Just answer from the gut!\""
"895" "\"Two introductory studies in Great Britain and Canada have indicated that farmed salmon accumulate toxic dioxins and caricinogenic polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCB’s, at a far higher rate than their equivalents in the wild. PCBs and dioxins are chemicals that can affect normal development in children and do not break down in nature. Another study in 2003 concluded that farmed salmon found in American grocery stores contained 16 times the PCB content as wild salmon, while similar research in Canada, Ireland and Great Britain is taking place.\""
"896" "\"AND...this is where I STOP and have to buy this adorable little trinket box with two tiny birds. It's in\""
"897" "\"Samsung have not one but two tablets to inherit the original 10″ Galaxy Tab. Two tablets to challenge Apple and their iPads. Two options for users to choose between. Essentially, it’s a choice between the special and the second-best, the exciting and the affordable.\""
"898" "\"I don't know why they think that stones that have lasted 10,000 years will suddenly break down with people touching them.\""
"899" "\"She's the \\"Rock\\" on my Shoreline.\""
"900" "\"Rocklahomais located just 45 minutes northeast of Tulsa, in Pryor, OK. The “Catch the Fever” Festival Grounds is a premier destination for a multi-day festival and includes on-site camping with access to restrooms and shower house, a general store for campers, VIP reserved seating, hospitality areas and much more.\""
"901" "\"The mission of Jet City Auxiliary is a simple one: will the ladies to multiple championships through the most supportive, positive, vocal, and visual atmosphere in Women’s Soccer, setting the standard for soccer support world-wide.\""
"902" "\"Comparatively, her little five year-old son, Nauman, can be said to be lucky that he’s 5,300km (3,300mi) away from his father and in the safe, loving care of an Italian family in Rome.\""
"903" "\"halfway between Ithaka and towering Samos\""
"904" "\"But my potential hung there in the air around me just the same. What did I want to do with all that potential? What did I want to BE?\""
"905" "\"When Chance runs into Stephanie on the street, he realizes that he found his woman. The problem is she’s a human. Not a problem for him though. Now all he has to do is convince her that they are meant to be together forever; talk the ever-meddling pack council into allowing the mating; and protect his pack from a group of rogue wolves wreaking havoc across the state. With their hearts, and lives, on the line Chance and Stephanie will do the only thing they can…\""
"906" "\"That’s not much of a drive to make in order to get a hot meal and real bed rest for a night or two, and maybe pick up some ammo. In addition, the Meherrin location has a much lower profile than the one in Red House.\""
"907" "\"These are drawers that slide in pairs into a casing, and the casings stack on top of one another. This was by no means all of my scraps - I've got all the white and cream solids in zip lock bags. There are a few other zip locks full of 6\\" squares, and collections that I've kept together. But this is the scrappy scraps - all ready for some sort of scraptastic project.\""
"908" "\"We also have other custom items that are great for Dad on our men's page, but please keep in mind we are on about a 2 1/2 week turnaround on any items that are not on the ready to ship page.\""
"909" "\"Proponents of putting more pressure on Damascus accuse Moscow and Beijing of abusing their power to protect economic interests in the region. Meanwhile critics of the anti-Assad drive say the west and its allies in the Persian Gulf say they want to oust the Syrian government to cripple the country’s key regional ally Iran.\""
"910" "\"Post a link to your project at the bottom of this post.\""
"911" "\"Does age make humans wiser? I’ve been pondering this question after reading about Sheila Vogel, an 82-year-old prostitute who shot to fame after being outed as the grandmother of a talent-show contestant. Her silly granddaughter claimed to be “absolutely devastated”, even though it could hardly have been news to her. She ought to have said that she was proud to have a grandmother whom men would pay for sex. There are times in life when the only honourable option is brazen defiance.\""
"912" "\"Body: NIGHT FEVER\""
"913" "\"I also saw a great blue heron fly over, very close to me, but with the clouds and sprinkles, no photos of it, the sharp shined hawk, the red-tailed hawk, or the gadwall ducks that I was close to at different times during my walk. The gadwalls are increasing in number, there has been just a pair of them around here, today, there was a small flock of six to eight.\""
"914" "\"So no frosts yet -- peppers, raspberries and tomatoes still ripening, basil chugging along, though the whiteflies are getting to it. We got a satisfying amount of food out of the yard this summer and I'm happy with how much I've preserved, either as jams, jellies and pickles, or dehydrated and then vacuum sealed in jars, or in the freezers, which are full to bursting.\""
"915" "\"\\"The prevalence of all autism spectrum disorders combined was 6.7 cases per 1000 children.\\"Prevalence of 6.7 per 1000 comes out to 1 in 149--or about 1 in 150, the prevalence figure Autism Speaks widely promotes. Applying a prevalence of 1 in 150 across the 2000 US census figure of 280 million equals 1.87 million autistics. Following Autism Speaks' apparent policy of rounding to the nearest half million, that would be 2 million autistics in the US.\""
"916" "\"1 teaspoon Worchestershire sauce\""
"917" "\"I was lucky enough to win a challenge sponsored by Bugaboo the other week and I could have chosen a hundred stamps - they are all so much fun!\""
"918" "\"LCBO#: 467662\""
"919" "\"I am in NO WAY diminishing what Peach is going through, but every time we visit the clinic or the hospital, we see families with much harder rows to hoe. Some have little hope for recovery or they have life-long, life-altering effects and disabilities to manage. Many have few resources and no support outside of their treatment team, and just to get their child to appointments is a monumental feat. These families are fighting just as hard as we are, even with the deck stacked against them in one way or another, because what else can they do? No one will ever care for their child as much and as well as they do, and somewhere inside, they know that, and so they press on. And on and on. It's inspiring and gut-wrenching at the same time.\""
"920" "\"But if I gave him directions, then hung a block back, he would have obviously seen me there. I would be the woman who was going the same place as him, but chose to say, \\"Um, just head west-ish.\\"\""
"921" "\"But this was probably my favorite find of the day. I almost walked right past it because it was buried under about 10 things. I just happened to see a little piece of the fabric petal sticking out. When I uncovered this pot of vintage fabric flowers I ran to find Nester!\""
"922" "\"I like to think it has. If it was deliberately carved, and I believe it was, then it doesn’t really matter when it was made, or by whom, or to what level of sophistication. Taken on its own merits, it’s an attempt to create art. It’s not perfect, by any means - but then, what is?\""
"923" "\"I might have to take up drinking if this continues much longer.\""
"924" "\"A teleplay I recently watched reminded me of a plot I've seen more than once. Spoiled rich heiress, or fiance of el jefe, or similar dame, is shipwrecked and ends up on the island or in the raft with the lowly boat help. Usually the heiress is a knock out of a white girl, and the peon is a swarthy, tough, intelligent Mediterranean or some such non-whitish guy. The woman finds him sexy, of course.\""
"925" "\"Third, I dyed this dress! I asked you all what color I should dye it back in January. The khaki shade just wasn’t working for me. Although the majority (32%) voted for cranberry red, I decided on midnight blue (22%) because I so love to accessorize this dress with my big red belt. I used the same dye combination I use on my denim (one package each of indigo and black dye). I love how it turned out and really like the new contrast between the khaki buttons and stitching and the dark blue dress.\""
"926" "\"People making and funding creative works need to stop expecting everyone to live their stories through the experiences of straight, white guys, as if such experiences were somehow generic and universal.\""
"927" "\"(by Jon O´Brien/allmusic.com)\""
"928" "\"Beer Geek Bacon offers up dark chocolate and espresso in a thick oozy concoction the viscosity of motor oil. Just gorgeous.\""
"929" "\"Plus, over 1,500,000 apps in counting. So there is no limit to what this machine can do.\""
"930" "\"Writers will give you all number of reasons for why they choose to spend long hours in isolation, the prospects of publication fragile, financial reward moderate (all but a rare few earn enough to live on from writing fiction alone). Personally, there's no better motivation than stumbling upon a remarkable tale, and wanting to emulate it, to produce a similar effect in someone else.\""
"931" "\"Of course it helps to convince when he looks like David Caves!\""
"932" "\"Jesse: \\"Catnip because I'm irresistable :)\\"\""
"933" "\"New iPad\""
"934" "\"And just like that we’ve been here for 5 months. I felt as though I had so much to reflect on and now I can’t seem to put it all into words. Here we are, almost 5 months into our South Korea experience and I still haven’t created the elaborate blog I thought I would be enticed to create. In fact, I haven’t done too many things that I ‘thought’ I would be doing. As I look back at my first post I wonder if maybe that’s a pleasant symptom of living in the moment. Reflecting seems to feel opposite of my instinct which is to just be in it.\""
"935" "\"The previous year I had joined Junior Achievement, which was supposed to teach kids about business. When I went back in the fall of 1967, I learned that one of the new sponsors was a radio station and the company’s likely ‘product’ would be a radio show, for which we would sell advertising. Since I already had an interest in radio and even had my license, I joined immediately and made no secret of my eagerness to do everything. I became president of the company, announcer on the radio program, and the show’s most successful advertising salesperson.\""
"936" "\"7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess–This one is blowing up in Christian circles…it’s kind of the new “it” book. Of course I have to jump on board. Also, I’ve heard good things about it. As someone who is always into the idea of living simply, I’m excited to see Jen Hatmaker’s observations. Plus, I’m into the idea of “experiments” with trying to literally live out the commands of Jesus.\""
"937" "\"They have been a handful to care for! Feeding and watering twice a day, changing their litter, plus all my other animal and people chores meant I fell asleep as soon as I was done eating dinner, at 8:30. It’s a good thing most of them won’t be around for very long, the 16 meat birds will be ready for the freezer in 2 months. The 10 egg-layers are going to be the only permanent residents. Here’s some pics of the little darlings. They’ve grown amazingly fast just in the first week.\""
"938" "\"Harviestoun Brewery Ltd. Old Engine Oil\""
"939" "\"These three points I have wanted to mention. I am sure of them from the Koran of the Turks. What I have heard beside I will not bring forward, because I cannot be sure about it. Suppose, then, that there are some Christians among the Turks; suppose that some of them are monks; suppose that some are honorable laymen; even then, what good can there be in the government and the whole Turkish way of life, when according to their Koran these three things rule among them; namely, lying, murder, and disregard of marriage, and besides, everyone must keep Christian truth quiet and dare not rebuke or try to reform these three points, but must look on and consent to them, as I fear, at least so far as to be silent? How can there be a more horrible, dangerous, terrible imprisonment than a life under such a government? Lies destroy the spiritual estate, murder the temporal, disregard of marriage the estate of matrimony. Now take out of the world veram religionem, veram politiam, veram oeconomiam, i.e., true spiritual life, true temporal government, and true conduct of the home; what is left in the world, but flesh, world and devil? A life there is like the life of the “good fellows” who keep house with harlots.\""
"940" "\"So, if you'd like to help WASTED win its very first prize, even if you've voted already, please vote! The idea is that the more enthusiastic the readers, the more often they will vote, so repetitive voting is what the organisers want. If you're not at a school you just put n/a in the school bit and you do not have to put your postcode, either.\""
"941" "\"Very annoying. I don’t sleep too well anymore in general, but last night was particularly bad.\""
"942" "\"The complicated structure of the bacterial flagellum is sufficient all by itself to demolish the theory of evolution, since the flagellum has an irreducibly complex structure. If one single molecule in this fabulously complex structure were to disappear, or become defective, the flagellum would neither work nor be of any use to the bacterium. The flagellum must have been working perfectly from the first moment of its existence. This fact again reveals the nonsense in the theory of evolution’s assertion of “step by step development.” In fact, not one evolutionary biologist has so far succeeded in explaining the origin of the bacterial flagellum although a few tried to do so.\""
"943" "\"To be honest, I’m really not a big beer drinker. Only recently have I opened up to trying new and exotic beers. So far, only a few in particular have really hit the spot for me. For those who are not really beer drinkers, but are willing to give the good ones a try, I really recommend trying Franziskaner, one of Jeff’s personal favorites.\""
"944" "\"The premise is so simple it's utterly brilliant. Go to We Give Books, read a book with your kid on the site and a book is donated to a child who needs one. You even pick the place you want the book to go! The books are right there in front of you, fully illustrated, click to turn the page and when you finish a book is donated. Even without the free muffins and coffee I would be excited about this.\""
"945" "\"Jon Woodward, communications manager at Noah’s Ark Zoo Farm said: “Although saddened by the loss of such a wonderful and majestic animal, a favourite of many of our staff, we are secure in the knowledge that everything possible was done to care for him.”\""
"946" "\"I turn back to the produce, hefting a few potatoes and giving them the once-over, singing to myself, “But when I try… in here… to tell… you dear… I love you madly, madly, madam librarian, Marian…”\""
"947" "\"Don't worry, this post has nothing to do with the economy or any of the other cataclysmic horrors we all seem to see looming ahead. No, this is about a new song and a mother taking the time to boast shamelessly about her son.\""
"948" "\"I have been praying Colossians 1:9-13 over Caleb since he was in the crib and I thank all of you that have helped participate in answering this prayer. Keep it up.\""
"949" "\"the distances from the below the chin to the nose and the eyebrows and the hairline are equal to the ears and to one-third of the face\""
"950" "\"yes, we had dinner out and will again very soon...ya'll have discovered my favorite cause...supporting the local economy...\""
"951" "\"1) Read slowly and spell each word.\""
"952" "\"“Things look green when you are looking at them here but on a bigger scale, it is a calmer green isn’t it? It’s a herd colour to use a lot of. (…) Turner avoided greens. Abstract painters don’t use green, because it evoques landscape.”\""
"953" "\"Don’t get me wrong, I get why you wouldn’t want your man to look at another women dance around with no clothes on, I’m not a moron … I get it. Do I understand how you class that on the same levels as a man cheating on you? No. Not even almost. Women get crazy when they get into relationships and expect a man to lock his vision onto her and only her, acting like he betrayed her if he looks elsewhere.\""
"954" "\"So when this dream hit… I was shocked. Flabbergasted. Honestly!!! My love life has become so bland that I don’t even have fantasy material?!? What about Brad Pitt in Thelma & Louise?\""
"955" "\"the chase to\""
"956" "\"with a heart of gold? That night, I dreamt I bore\""
"957" "\"The right to freedom of speech underpins the values of a democratic society and individuals and organisations should be free to express their views or beliefs. However, 99% of customers who participated in the review supported the bank’s decision to withhold finance from those extremist organisations that advocate not only discrimination but hatred.\""
"958" "\"To Kendra, Lila and Mitzi, the doors all looked the same at the entrance to the hallway, until they passed each one and saw the various, schedules, notices, magazine articles and bumper stickers that were posted on them. They were all of a distinctively progressive bent, which comforted them.\""
"959" "\"I'm sure I should probably be able to answer this really easily but it's kinda hard.\""
"960" "\"You know, a starvation diet and a new dress will make you look thin, but it will also destroy your health. Let's not \\"pretty up\\" what is most definitely an eyesore at the expense of what we now enjoy.\""
"961" "\"The first activity features a short clip from Saturday Night Live that you may have seen called “La Policía Mexicana.” By now the students have learned almost all the words in the video, and in the video they say “no sé” several times. It is also a pretty entertaining skit that pokes some fun at how Spanish classes typically operate. I am hoping the students will feel good about how much Spanish they know from the video. As an extension activity, I could have students make a similar skit on their own, or give them the outline of the original skit and have them change the details.\""
"962" "\"Classic films came thick and fast; Hell is For Heroes, The Great Escape (also for John Sturges), The Sand Pebbles (for which he was nominated for an Oscar), The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, Le Mans and Papillon being just a few.\""
"963" "\"For the next month, you are best served by playing it low key, lying in the weeds, working behind the scenes or working alone. That's because your birthday is a month away, and so you are waiting in the wings right now. Factoid. However, it also makes this an ideal time to strategize what you want your new year (birthday to birthday) to be all about. You have four weeks to think about this. Aside from the obvious deadlines of work, I generally just let life happen to me. But sometimes, I grab it by the tail, I nail it down, I give myself objectives with timetables, and I'm shocked at how much more I get done! (Can't hurt to try it.) After all, life is short -- and fat.\""
"964" "\"97. Ah.....am I really already struggling?? No..JK...I am just thinking about how awesome GLEE was this week. Yes, it was all about Madonna!! (Did you watch?? ...well, you are missin' out!)\""
"965" "\"Happy Valentines Day. Feeling romantic, obviously.\""
"966" "\"tree and knew that she was the tree.....\""
"967" "\"What a great and glorious gift we are given by God! He longs to be in constant communication with His children, and even more, He desires that we come together, united in purpose, to contend for all of creation, and to call on Christ as people partnering in prayer. Do we really realize the remarkable promise presented in this passage?\""
"968" "\"A new band with the previously featured Greg Cee on the roster. Much like the solo work of Greg Cee, this band plays loud and howling garage punk. At risk of saying so about too band submitted bands, they remind me of the early Ty Segall bands like Party Fowl and Epsilons. But I just as easily might say Tyvek or Nohopekids. Hope they realize how happy I am to get some garage sent in, been hankering it all the more since some conversations with people that are less than fans of the genre.\""
"969" "\"1) Cut out all the pieces using the templates provided and your choice of felt colours. You need to cut out 2 x body, 2 x eyes, 2 x pupils, 1 x beak, 1 x left wing, 1 x right wing, and one of each feather piece (#1-5). (The foot template also shown on the pattern sheet is not required for this project).\""
"970" "\"This includes a student taking the information you teach and teaching it herself. This includes the student writing a book on it, making a DVD of it, creating stitched items to sell, and more. This isn't even being ripped off, this is the normal educational process!\""
"971" "\"Olivia was frantic. ‘Oh my God,’ she thought. ‘This is a nightmare. Someone please get me out of here. Please.’\""
"972" "\"MAGGIE RODRIGUEZ: How much responsibility does the doctor have in this?\""
"973" "\"Nor does Obama’s record in the Middle East more broadly reassure Israelis. Perhaps the worst moment of his presidency was turning his back on the Iranian anti-government demonstrators in 2009, who chanted “Obama, are you with us or with the regime?” Obama’s silence was a historic missed opportunity. So is his current inaction on Syria, Iran’s most important ally. There appears to be no strategic coherence in his Middle East policy. Why, for example, help bring down Qaddafi, as odious as he was, after he had abandoned his nuclear program and his support of terrorism—while allowing Assad a free hand?\""
"974" "\"So give me all you’ve got big bird – buck you bastard buck!”\""
"975" "\"Let's face it...the poor kid has me for a mother. Which sadly means I gave her a fucked-up name that she'll forever be pronouncing and spelling for people (but seriously, she's growing up in world where people take the perfectly good name Aidan and spell it Aiydenn, so...at least hers is a real name. Spelled right). And it also means that until she can dress herself, I get to dress her. Which means no sparkly pink t-shirts proclaiming that she's a spoiled brat or that she's the boss or even that she's a pretty princess. A good chunk of her clothes are clothes I would wear, and that means they skew more gender neutral and classic. She has beautiful dresses, trust me. And I can't wait to put her in them. But they are more A and less B. There's nothing wrong with B...it's just not my style. And also she'll probably grow up to be a stripper. But mostly nothing wrong with it. If you want to raise a stripper. (KIDDING, please don't hate me if you love that style.)\""
"976" "\"Then there is my walk in closet. That gives me nightmares just thinking about that and I'm wide awake.\""
"977" "\"Transfer mixture into the prepared pan, spreading evenly with the back of a spoon (or by hand , if necessary). Bake for 20-25 minutes or until the edges just begin to brown. Cool in pan on a wire rack. These blondes are delicious at any temperature, but most indulgent when served slightly warm and a la mode!\""
"978" "\"Now that quite a few people have read The Mapmaker and the Ghost, I feel like I can finally share my dreamcast for the (maybe-one-day-there'll-actually-be-a) movie!\""
"979" "\"Score: Carrie-Ann=7, Len=7, Bruno=7 for a total of 21 and a grand total of 62\""
"980" "\"Puerto Chacabuco – very small town, we got a taxi and rode to a waterfall, looked at a cool pedestrian bridge, played in the river…\""
"981" "\"waking\""
"982" "\"I decided to get a little more involved and maybe make my yard a bird sanctuary too. Here are a few photos of what I’m currently working on.\""
"983" "\"I believe that the British National Party is the only hope for Heanor and her residents. The message of hate from ultra-left extremist outsiders should be discounted for what it is - interference in local decision making.\""
"984" "\"Maybe I'll believe.\""
"985" "\"Revived turned out to be exactly the kind of book I needed at the moment. While emotional, the story still filled you with hope and a sense of life. If I get so involved with a book that it brings tears to my eyes, it becomes a new favorite, and that's exactly what Revived was able to do.\""
"986" "\"\\"Probably, but not tonight. Our benefactor, downstairs tending bar, believes too much in the cause to care if this is a good idea.\\"\""
"987" "\"My mom just returned from a jaunt to Paris a few days ago and brought me back this lovely umbrella. In case you didn't know, I'm crazy about umbrellas and all things rain. She knew exactly what I would have chosen, had I been there. Oh how I wish I had been there.\""
"988" "\"Your sleep schedule is an important aspect of healthy sleep. Going to bed each night at similar times helps the body to establish a pattern and subconsciously know when to wind down each day. It won’t hurt you to stay up late for a night or two, but continually staying up for hours or even all night can reverse your schedule and confuse your body.\""
"989" "\"In a section of the Sermon on the Mount in which Jesus challenges us to engage systems of domination with creative nonviolence, he offers this final, perhaps most radical, word, “Give to the one who begs from you, and do not refuse the one who would borrow from you” (Mt 5:42). This verse challenges our most precious possession, control. When faced with how to best use our resources, this verse challenges our addiction to those resources and the power and privilege of deciding how they are used. Elsewhere, Jesus tells the rich young man that following him requires divesting himself of all his possessions and give to the poor, enacting Jubilee in his own life (Mt 19:16-22; Lk 18:18-30). There is a radical principle here summed up in the Psalms and the Jubilee in Leviticus 25 that God is the only absolute owner. Followers of Jesus are called to hold their possessions loosely as things to be used for God’s purposes and not their own accumulation or comfort.\""
"990" "\"SWAT teams were called in to secure the neighborhood after learning the gunman was possibly still in the area.\""
"991" "\"Experience Timeline\""
"992" "\"For the LORD will not forsake his people;\""
"993" "\"The Research and Development (R&D) Tax Credit was created by Congress as part of the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981 to encourage U.S. industries to invest in R&D activities, and to stimulate innovation through tax incentives. While the tax credit initially benefited Fortune 500 companies, more recent changes to the tax code have allowed almost any manufacturing or technology company to take advantage of the credit.\""
"994" "\"I love peonies, although I learned early on not to cut them and bring the blooms indoors. Ants also love these huge globes of color. I would love to move mine to a sunnier position where I could see them a bit better, but I’ve heard they don’t transplant well. Perhaps someone could share their experience with that.\""
"995" "\"Nine per cent of youngsters gave a history of heart related problems while 20 per cent of the respondents’ family members had history of hypertension.\""
"996" "\"Horrible drunk male voices belted out in unison the chorus to “Don’t Look Back In Anger.” A friend chided a younger fan for his “Justin Bieber hair.” (We rebuked our buddy and told him the kid had a Beatles cut, a good thing, not a bad one.) Why Oasis and Noel Gallagher fans do this I’ll never quite understand, but there were a couple of people around wearing Manchester United gear and there was a shout or two of “Glory, glory Man United!” to be heard. Heads up: Noel hates Man United. He’s a City fan. But I digress…\""
"997" "\"The other advantage to whipping up your own hummus is the price. A small tub of store-bought hummus easily goes for $5. Your own? Much less. The priciest item is the jar of tahini, which lasts for many batches. The other items—lemon, canned or dried garbanzo beans, hot sauce, garlic—are quite economical. Homemade hummus can be tweaked to your preferences. Like it chunky? Go easy on the food processor. Silky smooth? Add more liquid and blend away. Spicy? More Tabasco. Enough garlic to ward off the Twilight trilogy? Add a few cloves. You get the idea.\""
"998" "\"The new case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, is Apple Inc v. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, et a 12-00630.\""
"999" "\"7) Once a parent told me that I would have more friends if I was less opinionated.\""
"1000" "\"Terrible, isn't it? Just looking at it nearly gives me hives. I am all about organization in my house and this was completely unacceptable. Every time someone pulled out one headband, several more came along for the ride. Not to mention you can't really see what's in there. Argh, it was buggin' me!! So I put on my thinking cap. How could I organize these and not spend a dime?? Think, think, think...\""
"1001" "\"Why am I musing on this stuff? Well, recent events, really.\""
"1002" "\"Ovarian cancer is a disease in which the cells in the ovaries become abnormal, start to grow uncontrollably, and form tumors. Ninety percent of all ovarian cancers develop in the cells that line the surface of the ovaries and are called epithelial cell tumors.\""
"1003" "\"Pear Pizzazz Cardstock\""
"1004" "\"The man has thrown his handgun out a window but has other weapons on him, including an AK-47 assault rifle, and has used them in volleys with police surrounding the building in this southwestern city, French Interior Minister Claude Gueant said.\""
"1005" "\"While everyone around me seems to run for cover,\""
"1006" "\"Lipids – See Lipoids.\""
"1007" "\"Then pressed himself\""
"1008" "\"Fully? Do we do that these days? I don’t think we even set our hope partially on the redeeming life that is promised to us and given to us by God through His Son, Jesus Christ. Not in the desires of our hearts and not in the actions of our daily lives. Maybe, and that’s a big maybe, we attempt that on Sundays with the words of our mouths…..just paying lip service to that hope that is mentioned in the Bible.\""
"1009" "\"flaming plum pudding\""
"1010" "\"I'm still in shock. I can hardly believe we have four little girls. A clothing catalog arrived in the mail and I started looking through the boys clothes and then remembered that I didn't need to g0 there. I thought for sure I'd have to start collecting little boys clothes. It is amazing to me that I'm wrapping Julia up in the same receiving blankets that I got as a gift from my neighbor when Amanda came home. I had no idea then what my life would look like now. It looks pretty pink and sweet, don't you think?\""
"1011" "\"Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed, by Jared Diamond: he “employs the comparative method to understand societal collapses to which environmental problems contribute.” He lists 12 environmental problems facing mankind today. The first eight have historically contributed to the collapse of past societies: (1) Deforestation and habitat destruction; (2) Soil problems (erosion, salinization, and soil fertility losses); (3) Water management problems (4) Overhunting; (5) Overfishing; (6) Effects of introduced species on native species; (7) Overpopulation; (8) Increased per-capita impact of people. The root problem in all but one of Diamond's factors leading to collapse is overpopulation relative to the practicable (as opposed to the ideal theoretical) carrying capacity of the environment.\""
"1012" "\"The devotees at Bury Place had built their own temple, which was an interesting architectural structure that’s been described as being like the inside of the hull of a ship. The devotees were making absolute maximum use of every inch of space there. They had built little lofts, and people were sleeping in the corners. It was just packed out, and Srila Prabhupada’s sankirtana parties were in high gear.\""
"1013" "\"PRETORIA 00001712 002 OF 002\""
"1014" "\"I am aware of some police interventions with people under the influence of cannabis which have lead to them being admitted to a hospital on the grounds of being mentally ill. I am aware that some of those led, just a few days later, to the person being released from care because the effects of drugs had worn off and it was no longer believed that they sufferred from a mental disorder. (I am also aware of a case where this occurred after a man drank a bottle of red wine having also taken over-the-counter medication to assist him to stop smoking – the two things produced a chemical effect which made him present to police officers as if he were mentally ill. The MHA assessment team agree and detained him s2 MHA.)\""
"1015" "\"All in all, it was a great night. There was a live band, to which the two peas danced their hearts out on the dance floor, and a photo booth where they got some awesome photos to document this fun occasion.\""
"1016" "\"With a background in tool making, Peter was able to talk with the students about how designs can be adapted to optimise design for manufacture. Considerations such as wall thickness (influential upon cooling time and thus the time the machinery is none operational), gate points and tool balancing were all covered.\""
"1017" "\"Three years ago a friend of a friend met her husband on the internet. As our mutual friend Jane put it: “It’s really easy, although you might have to kiss a few frogs first. Think of it as practice, like when you go for an interview. Ellen went out with a couple of men who weren’t very suitable and then she met Derek… he was clean, solvent and didn’t have any nasty habits”. It all sounded easy to me, although a bit like shopping on Ebay and about as romantic!\""
"1018" "\"By all accounts Clift and Monroe were both half out of their minds on booze and pills during the torturously long location shoot and the wild vulnerability they display is probably not all acting. They'd both be ground up before you know it, just like the scores of mustangs that used to be out in these mountains. And the cowboys will be thrown up against the barb wire and neon of the west they've won, and lament there's no more hosses to rope. They've all been turned into dog food and the dogs that ate the food are all dead from old age and there you are. Mustangs gone as if they'd never been. That's progress, like the westward expansion that reaped the dust bowl. The whole final segment of roping the mustangs and Marilyn Monroe freaking out with those big doe eyes running the bi-polar gamut is so painful I had to walk away from it, keep it running on the DVR and came back for that brilliant final fade-out, with Gable and Monroe driving 'home' - wherever that is. No credits, no music, no... nothing. It's not perfect as a film but as death's desert Christmas card it's ripe with transcendental mythic inscrutability and that alone makes THE MISFITS a quiet, drunken, desperate little triumph. Set it free, set them all free, like Monroe and Clift and Gable are free, and play God here tonight.\""
"1019" "\"I am, therefore, going to draw attention to a few US blogs I read regularly, not because of their coverage of US Law, but because they are thought provoking, direct and address issues which are of universal application to all lawyers – and leave you to explore, should you wish to, the many excellent law blogs in the Blawg Review listing #1-291.\""
"1020" "\"03. Stop\""
"1021" "\"Fucking skateboarding. I love it- nice ollies over the hip and some buttery 5-0 grinds on the small slant ramp. I hate it- frontside rock to faceplant, pathetic attempts at a pop shuvit over the hip, general lack of skills and bad ollies over the hip.\""
"1022" "\"Until I come home and turn this machine on. And link myself up to hell. My main attraction was to the people I have come to know and love on here, but I see and hear too little for them for the balm of love to heal. Instead I sit and cover myself in excrement. Like today for example Cameron and Sarkozy today declaring they are going to keep bombing Libya.\""
"1023" "\"Eliezer Jimenez, 38, New York, N.Y.\""
"1024" "\"decided to retire to the southern hemisphere of the brain,\""
"1025" "\"It does that.\""
"1026" "\"**I further apologize for the blog hiatus. I will probably be pasting sporadically for the entirety of this school year. If you want to listen to me complain about how much homework and studying I currently have to do to get into a decent college (AKA be a whiny teenager), feel free to tweet/email me.\""
"1027" "\"Ingredient\""
"1028" "\"The daily struggles to procure fresh water, food, and protection from the elements are minutely observed as well, In fact, it is the authority of Martel’s writing on these most practical matters that allows him to lead his readers far into the realm of the fantastic, with relatively little resistance.\""
"1029" "\"I have the following seeds on my grow list:\""
"1030" "\"After also adding enormous slugs of olive oil and mixing thoroughly, I then spread the stuffing onto the pork pieces which I had previously bashed with a rolling pin to flatten slightly. I trussed each piece in a somewhat haphazard fashion to stop them falling apart in the cooking process and drenched with more oil before placing in a warmed oven at gas mark 4 for just over an hour, basting every so often with the meat juices.\""
"1031" "\"Akin to the Irish, when young and old French soldiers alike were heading into battle, ready to lay down their lives in wars that extended far beyond themselves as individuals, they had to fight to the bitter end for a cause they believed in. They fought for their families, they fought for their freedom, and most of all they fought for their wonderful country that they called their home.\""
"1032" "\"I was recently thinking about having some of my artwork printed onto greetings cards - ordered a sample set from Moo to see what the quality was like then decided to do the deed!!!\""
"1033" "\"t) How do you think others see you as a person? How do you think other see you when it comes to\""
"1034" "\"Although the NYT is at times a questionable source, you'll find in reading the entire article extensive research and analysis of data and several telling anecdotal stories, all of which reinforce the central claim of the story- that the Obama administration is engaging on an increased level in quid pro quo corruption where people trade campaign donations in exchange for access and policy decisions in their favor.\""
"1035" "\"764 D-V/27/1978. “Elbert Fulkerson at Carterville Community High School: Twigs for an Eagle’s Nest.” Alumni Association, Carterville Community High School, Carterville, Illinois. See Item C-1976(5), above, Item D-V/31/1973, above. See, also, Item D-V/3(A)/1991, below.\""
"1036" "\"CR: If I’d known what was going to happen I would have voted against it. The 11 of us in the Conservative group argued long and hard. One disagreed and abstained, and there was party discipline for that. But at the time I agreed – I voted for it.\""
"1037" "\"Most of the men I’ve known in my life have had An Interest. You know, one thing that they’re, um, passionate about. Okay, obsessive about. For some it’s rugby, for others it’s family history (Hi Dad), for some it’s music (in that High Fidelity, list-making kind of way).\""
"1038" "\"In the May 19 issue of the Philadelphia Inquirer, he writes in a piece titled \\"Keep Beer in Beer Stores,\\" \\"Now, I can't be the only person who sees a problem with making it easy to buy beer and gasoline in one convenient location.\\"No, you're not, but just because two people think french-kissing makes girls pregnant doesn't mean we're going to be overrun with babies. People drive to gas stations to buy gas, sure, but they also drive to Beer Super to buy beer. Are the gasoline fumes going to drive them to drink to excess on the way home? There's nothing about buying gas that makes people more likely to drink. Is it the \\"ice-cold sixpack\\" \\"waved in their face\\" that Shipula brings up that's the problem at the gas station? Funny, because he also lauds people buying six-packs at Pennsylvania's restaurants and bars, most of which they're driving away with, judging by the parking lots at so many of them. I know there's no bar within walking distance of my house. Beer at gas stations driving people to drink is a bogeyman. It makes no sense in the light of day, or reason.\""
"1039" "\"Miraculously, we had the energy to play charades until the wee hours of the night. Did I say play charades? I meant, the girls team beat the boys team to a pulp with our impressive miming skills.\""
"1040" "\"Despite fears his slaying would stir an impassioned battle cry among disparate jihad forces, it merely exposed a prematurely aged man living out his days in prosaic suburbia with three wives and a brood of kids.\""
"1041" "\"We're MOVING! HOORAY! The condo life is over! We're moving into a Pleasant Grove home at the end of this month and we could not be more excited!! We've lived in our condo for two years, and although the payment has been nice, we have not really enjoyed it.\""
"1042" "\"Lastly I have these sweet little vintage tattoo inspired LOVE charms. Freaking cute, eh?\""
"1043" "\"“Thank you, God,” Mister Rogers said\""
"1044" "\"Mexican Spanish\""
"1045" "\"When youth athletes watch college-level players, Zigante said, it helps them understand how their game and athletic development will change as they grow older.\""
"1046" "\"Okay, maybe a re-phrase: What is it about a book you enjoy that makes you want to share? It doesn’t really have to be good, as long as you liked it.\""
"1047" "\"Well I better scoot folks. I need to jump in the shower and get ready to go. Have a good one. Happy Fathers day to all the dads.\""
"1048" "\"That royal appellation is a much nicer title than this treasonous, duplicitous, hubristic, and deeply biased yellow rag deserves for its ongoing treachery.\""
"1049" "\"But I realized as I was reading everyone's posts that many of us are in a certain stage of our blogging careers. When you've done something for years, there are bound to be points where you feel burnt out or annoyed or totally overwhelmed. And you may vacillate back and forth between those stages.\""
"1050" "\"Insanity? Probably, but at least it would be a different sort of insanity than I have been experiencing recently.\""
"1051" "\"Recently the possibility of introducing a basic income into South Africa has come up for discussion in a number of research, labour and civil society sources. The idea of a basic income paid to all citizens was raised in 1990 by Leon Louw of the Free Market Foundation in the book Economic Alternatives edited by McGregor (1990). The present author also carried out some unpublished research on the impact of a basic income on the economy on the basis of a social accounting matrix and published some ideas on the basic incomes in the press (Roukens de Lange, 1991). Jeremy Baskin of the Department of Manpower also raised the issue in the press (1993).\""
"1052" "\"Romans 13:13\""
"1053" "\"You and I will have so much fun\""
"1054" "\"We didn't hear from old Dick about the partisan Supreme Court stealing the 2000 election either. In fact, Dick was there the whole time the GOP was radicalizing itself and didn't exactly fight it. He had to know what these people were. But apparently, it was all good until they turned their guns on him.\""
"1055" "\"May you celebrate Life, choose ever to\""
"1056" "\"Opening the door and being greeted by Bug holding a bouquet of flowers for me on the day of my biopsy. Apparently he told everyone at the shop that the flowers were \\"for my mommy because she got a shot.\\"\""
"1057" "\"When the case was brought before the U.S. Supreme Court, they ruled in his favor, giving the Army General title over the United States, Inc. Legal action was then passed on to the Senate Finance Committee and Senator Sam Nunn, who was working with Roy Schwasinger. With the help of covert congressional and political pressure, President George H.W. Bush issued an Executive Order (a) on Oct. 23, 1991, which provided a provision allowing anyone who has a claim against the federal government to receive payment as long as it’s within the rules of the original format of the case.\""
"1058" "\"Our third and final day in Marrakech, we finally did something other than shop. We went on a two hour camel trek. It was as cool as it sounds, except that it happened to be the hottest day of our trip, like 105 degrees walking around in a damn oven hot! I sooo regretted not bringing my water with me. Aside from nearly dying from heat exhaustion, the whole experience was awesome, and Carrie Bradshaw and crew ain't got nothin on us!\""
"1059" "\"This was a fine, mature and savoury take on Piemonte’s grape, like Petit Verdot it is a real mystery as to why this grape does so well in Virginia. Nebbiolo is a very late ripening grape that was pretty tricky to get right in Italy until well into the twentieth century. That being said I have only encountered it on 2 sites in Virginia, so perhaps it enjoys localised conditions.\""
"1060" "\"First of all, I want to thank everyone for voting on my poll! There was a total of twenty-nine votes, with three for Kiefer Sutherland as David from The Lost Boys, three for Bela Lugosi as Dracula in the 1931 Dracula, two for Max Shreck as Count Orlock in Nosferatu, six for Christopher Lee as Dracula in the 1958 Dracula, four for Gary Oldman as Dracula in the 1992 Dracula, zero for Edward Cullen from the Twilight franchise, two for Angel from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, seven for Eric from True Blood, one for Lina Leandersson as Eli in Let the Right One In, and one for Brad Pitt as Louis de Pointe du Lac in Interview With the Vampire:The Vampire Chronicles.\""
"1061" "\"Stephen Wallace (Turtle Beach)\""
"1062" "\"I also made a little Owl Pin to send. I saw this idea and I must admit I've gone a bit mad with it...well, I can't resist cute little owls you know! This is the one I made for Maureen:\""
"1063" "\"- For me, probably Hot Water Music or Kid Dynamite. They were two of my favorite bands growing up.\""
"1064" "\"Derrek had to laugh at himself a moment before answering. “I’m honored. I’m sure it’s more than I deserve.”\""
"1065" "\"Each Nominee Should:\""
"1066" "\"(Click on graphic to enlarge)\""
"1067" "\"“Steven would like to give y’all a tour of the town. Are you game?” I asked.\""
"1068" "\"iii. Layoffs maybe necessary (Let’s not kid ourselves)\""
"1069" "\"I've posted Pale Blue Dot before, and it's an essay that is worth reading often. I think when the words are juxtaposed with such beautiful visuals, it's incredibly powerful.\""
"1070" "\"Ann enjoys all things horticultural, as well as playing and watching sport, and socialising with her friends.\""
"1071" "\"Another week of fun ... time to say goodbye to Sam & Momma.\""
"1072" "\"“Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.”\""
"1073" "\"LORD commanded.\""
"1074" "\"Two committees have been set up to run the country in the period leading up to the creation of the transitional council: one would handle diplomatic affairs; the other social issues.\""
"1075" "\"Have you ever stood up too quickly and felt dizzy, disoriented? Maybe the room spins? Then you are familiar with vertigo or lightheadedness. It usually passes within a few minutes. Now imagine having that vertigo all day and all night.\""
"1076" "\"from Sapele also arrested\""
"1077" "\"If the High Court ultimately decides in Deputy Pringle’s favour, we may need to have at least one more referendum this year. Of course if President Elect of France, Francois Hollande has his way, then the Fiscal Compact itself may be renegotiated and then the wording of the amendment to our Constitution in the 31st May referendum – the treaty “done” in Brussels in March 2012 – would be obsolete and then we might need a third referendum. All in all, we look set to have a booming referendum business here over the next 12 months!\""
"1078" "\"Your cooperation will contribute to a safe, healthy and litter-free coastal environment for everyone to enjoy.\""
"1079" "\"Just Visiting\""
"1080" "\"9. John Upton, ‘The Smallest Details Speak the Loudest’, review of The Macpherson Report and Brian Cathcart’s, The Case of Stephen Lawrence, Viking, London., 1999, in The London Review of Books, Volume 21, number 13, 1st July 1999, p.9.\""
"1081" "\"Hope’s more then just a glimmer in eye.\""
"1082" "\"Cat Adams\""
"1083" "\"How did India begin is bonhomie with these rich sports? A lot of it has to do with British. How is it that India took Cricket so seriously and left out Rugby and Soccer? One word answer to that question would be ‘Fitness’!!! One look at the list and we can see that apart from Tennis and to some extend F1, none of the above sports demand astute physical fitness. Apart from Tennis, the other sports are played in a handful of countries. In other words, India has done well where there is less competition and requires less physical fitness. India is nowhere near the world’s most popular sports – Soccer, Athletics, Aquatics, Hockey, Basketball, Rugby, Volleyball, etc. Cricket is the only popular sport where we win matches regularly. It is followed and played by a lot of people but very few countries actively play the game.\""
"1084" "\"What are your block breakers?\""
"1085" "\"The family homestead property included a garage that my grandfather ran. He purchased it from his father-in-law who first ran it. Scott pumped gas and as a great mechanic worked on many cars. I came to love the smell of gasoline.\""
"1086" "\"Here's another sample from my mullet mode. We'll call it Farm Mullet. I think Eggy has been on a diet - poor guy.\""
"1087" "\"While this list is not entirely comprehensive of every quality I hope to instill in my children, it does get across the major points of my parenting philosophy. Without knowing it, I decided I would parent this way a long time before I had children, never knowing it was actually considered ‘attachment parenting.’ I believe in this way of behaving towards my children because it feels right to me and I cannot imagine going about this journey in any other manner. I look forward to the adults my children will become, knowing that the groundwork I lay here and now will not only benefit them and myself but everyone who chooses to walk in and out of their lives.\""
"1088" "\"\\"When you are out as Christen you mean?\\", she asked.\""
"1089" "\"Kudos to Kevin and Nic for standing up and speaking out.\""
"1090" "\"1 ight\""
"1091" "\"Until they find her.\""
"1092" "\"Today bump and I went for a 5k walk. No speed records for sure but it was good for my head, and my heart, and my body. It gave me focus. So my new plan is to walk. 5 km a day (unless my body tells me otherwise) and do extra training only if I feel like it. But walking will be my baseline, keep the exercise habit going, and remind me that this is who I am. Someone who trains no matter what.\""
"1093" "\"12 Dolphins drooping\""
"1094" "\"Malcolm came to me in a dream last night and got me to stop this obvious sham of a self-promoting non-real auction and as such the item is no longer for sale. Although I believe you can acquire one of your own by doing the Edinburgh Festival and being mental enough.\""
"1095" "\"It’s the first time I hear that a major cause of our road carnage is not having a tax clearance form. Smooth tyres perhaps, drunk certainly, but irregularities in your tax affairs. Give me a break.\""
"1096" "\"- I say: But he’s on Faber’s team not Cruz’s.\""
"1097" "\"–noun 4. a hired household servant. ( I wish I were getting paid) LOL\""
"1098" "\"vegetable broth\""
"1099" "\"Do you take one of these new, fresh ideas and mold it into something right away, or do you put it on the back burner and continue working on what could be book number two for your recently finished piece?\""
"1100" "\"3.you can add any greens like corriander leaves,spring onion,spinach leaves ,grated bottle gourd or fenugreek leaves for flavour of your own choice.\""
"1101" "\"But you won’t get them for free\""
"1102" "\"I just smiled, then gave merit to her idea of treating myself after a workout. I walked over to a hair dryer....and used it. It's been a good day.\""
"1103" "\"During the time that Hunter's heart problems were detected, doctors also discovered Jennifer had an unknown heart condition, and the twins she was carrying were likely to have a heart a condition as well.\""
"1104" "\"Oh well, what’s a billion dollars here or there in an election, eh?\""
"1105" "\"Lharz -Restarted and Leveled my Orc Death Knight from 55 to 58, without BoAs. Lharz I am leveling as Unholy. Orcs have a racial bonus for their pets, so it seems appropriate.\""
"1106" "\"Somewhere in my research folder (aka the pile of papers stacked in my sewing room) is a September 2007 Vogue magazine article by Jean Hanff Korelitz titled “The Sloppy Syndrome.”\""
"1107" "\"Here is her breakdown: Blog me MAYbe\""
"1108" "\"NOTE: My heart goes out to my fellow Dorchester authors who were not able to get their rights back. It sickens me that this company would not only steal earned money from its hardworking writers, but then steal their intellectual property as well. I hope you find a way to get your books back in the end.\""
"1109" "\"“You are so full of it.”\""
"1110" "\"*Blackfoot term of affection for younger female relative.\""
"1111" "\"Aronofsky and Clint Mansell did an absolutely stirling job with the soundtrack – with changes from the original Tchaikovsky‘s ballet, the soundtrack complimented the thrilling and rapidly intense film and action perfectly.\""
"1112" "\"Senesh (1921-1944) was a Jewish parachutist who was captured by the Nazis and their collaborators in Hungary in 1944. After subjecting her to months of torture, through which they tried and failed to get information out of her about her mission, they executed her by firing squad.\""
"1113" "\"… Too bad none of them down here are “into that kind of thing”.\""
"1114" "\"Alongside stories of the ‘Beastly Bosh’ turning people into soap, the lie-mongers spread stories of German soldiers raping and murdering women of all ages (from very young children to very old pensioners). In the Second World War these atrocities became a reality, although it was Russian and African-American soldiers, violating and murdering Germans with wholehearted Zionist encouragement, these real crimes were ignored. On the rare occasions when these atrocities were admitted, they were treated as justice for the suffering inflicted on the Jews!\""
"1115" "\"When we doubt our self-worth, we are in a very difficult position in any relationship. Our need to be accepted and affirmed by our partner often causes us to deny our own feelings, needs, beliefs and values. We try to become who we believe the other wants us to be. We cannot bear for the other to be dissatisfied or angry with us. We are afraid we are at fault or that the other will leave us.\""
"1116" "\"the Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup Handicap Chase for them at the 2008 Cheltenham Festival. John Smith’s Grand National Record:\""
"1117" "\"(DON'T TOUCH MY FISHING STUFF!)\""
"1118" "\"We therefore consider the following model:\""
"1119" "\"Busy busy. Thanks to two friends who gave me some black market Swedish butter, I've been able to be somewhat profligate and used a pound of butter to bake today. How decadent! Chocolate chip cookies complete, next up oatmeal raisin. Smells like the holidays up in here. Thanks, Sweden for filling in the holes left by the Norwegian dairy monopoly Tine and overly protective tariffs.\""
"1120" "\"I did work. I snuck a peek at the Chester Vase. I was dimly aware that Andy Coulson was saying things to Lord Leveson which seemed to be making people on Twitter snigger and make naughty Rebekah Brooks jokes. And then I, rather randomly, followed a link to MOMENTOUS NEWS. I mostly shun the erratic use of capital letters, preferring the quiet dignity of italics. But sometimes capitals are the only things which will do, and this is one of those times.\""
"1121" "\"So, for many many reasons, I am stressed over little Pru’s arrival at our home. We hope she isn’t unilaterally or bilaterally deaf, but in the grand scheme of things, it doesn’t really matter. We are extremely excited and can’t wait to bring her home.\""
"1122" "\"Mr Harrington said his wife had been the victim of “a public campaign of hatred when she was just doing her job”.\""
"1123" "\"I’d asked for this during my first visit a week or so back, but they were out of it at the time. Seems this one must be their most popular product. I got lucky today and it’s telling that Perry remembered that I’d asked for this one originally because he specifically asked me if I wanted to try it (see if that ever happens at a big chain pub or brewery). This pale ale pours with a quick head and very little beading. The taste is both bitter hoppy and sweet, which must hint at some sort of careful balance that my uninitiated palate is incapable of picking up. It’s also vaguely nutty with low carbonation. Bottom line: Peg Leg Pale Ale is a good one and a decent example of the style.\""
"1124" "\"Celebrating today will attract more wins for next week. You attract more of what you are grateful for. When your in line with the powers above, magic happens. Have you ever been in a state when things were just flowing, just going well, one after another? It’s at that time that your on the frequency of attraction. Anchor that at each success and you can trigger it any time you need it.\""
"1125" "\"Pepper spray cop, pepper spray cop, where have you been?\""
"1126" "\"I was born and I met you\""
"1127" "\"I was also fascinated but the group of baby Vasayan Warty Pigs....\""
"1128" "\"R-edeem your spirit\""
"1129" "\"My reasoning for going into that much detail over the Big 10 is that all of the teams are in reasonable distance from each other. This not only makes it easier for the fans but also easier for the teams and it helps develop the great rivalries of today. Look at Michigan vs Ohio State for example … The states border each other which provides an automatic rivalry and with conference play it guarantees that they will always play each other every year. Here’s a look at an updated map of how conferences break down by region.\""
"1130" "\"enough\""
"1131" "\"Well, here you go Jess, photographic evidence that women can do what Mother Nature intended and breastfeed their babies in a public place without causing offence and sending everyone running for the hills in shock.\""
"1132" "\"so what the hell have I been doing you may be asking (or not), living each day to the fullest and savoring every moment (blah blah blah). ok I have my good days and then the occasionally bad one too. baby girl is getting so BIG! it just makes me want to cry as she is growing up so fast. she now has TWO teeth (teething = stressful mommy) and the hair, is well still not so much there but it is growing (just very slowly..)\""
"1133" "\"crackers. Melt butter and brush over crackers.( I’m tempted\""
"1134" "\"Sunday, with heavy hearts, we packed our bags and enjoyed a last brunch, complete with French Toast! We capped off the weekend with a long walk in the woods. It was an anti-Parisian trip, we felt miles away from our daily lives and jobs. I loved every minute of it.\""
"1135" "\"I was an exceptionally awkward teenager. I typically had few, if any friends. I conversed more easily with adults twenty to thirty years my senior than I ever did with my compatriots. The only place I really felt like I belonged was on the football team, but even then, my tendency to read books in excess of 1,000 pages before, after, and sometimes during practice set me apart from my teammates. I rarely dated, though that trend continued even into my adulthood. I became used to being described as weird. And, while my experience was unique in its details, it is a completely normal experience for any teenager in America to feel like he or she doesn’t fit with the in crowd (even if you happen to be in the in crowd).\""
"1136" "\"Well, there's a little sneak peek--I love how these are turning out. We are keeping the name a secret, and I've probably already given away too much by revealing two of the letters. Any guesses? :) Check back in about five weeks and we should have the name (and the baby!) ready to introduce to the world!\""
"1137" "\"The market is my love. Last week I bought 2 large square punnets of Strawberries for £1.50. They’ve been eaten. Oh yes.\""
"1138" "\"Robert is ambitious, however, and it is rumoured, has set his sights on a glorious political career, beyond the boundaries of Broken Barnet, or perhaps in the farest reaches, somewhere in the NW4 area. Hendon MP Matthew Offord is a very busy man, you know, and is often away on a tour of duty in places like Belize, fighting narco terrorism and hurricanes and stuff, so he can't really spare much time for his constituency. In fact: news update: look here, Action Man has been at it again -\""
"1139" "\"May 11 Lawrence, Kansas - Replay Lounge w/ Wheels on Fire and Rooftop Vigilantes (just Swimsuit)\""
"1140" "\"*”I have nothing, Don.”\""
"1141" "\"Don't forget to leave a comment on the blog to be in with a chance of winning 12 Powders and a case!\""
"1142" "\"The animal shelter was happy to be approached by someone who wants to raise money for them, and they offered that I could join their Spring Pet Adoption Faire, which is a big event in the beginning of May. I thought it would be a perfect opportunity to try to get them some donations, and I won’t lie, it’s a big event, so it’s a good opportunity for me as well, to get my name out there and hopefully a few copies of my book.\""
"1143" "\"And while actively waiting I have a choice of how I can live in the time of uncertainty and unknown: either anxiously or with joy and awe at the world around me.\""
"1144" "\"In the spring of 2010 I went to Montana with a dear friend to take a week long seminar/retreat with Judy Niemeyer. It was the first group they hosted at their new retreat center with full catering and all the amenities. It's nice because you can take any pattern of hers you like as opposed to signing up at a shop to take a class where the pattern is usually pre-assigned. I chose the Bali Wedding Star, but instead of using batik fabrics I chose civil war era fabrics in blues and blacks. One day it will actually be finished and I'll show and tell all about it when that happens.\""
"1145" "\"Terms & Conditions:\""
"1146" "\"I was writing down silly observations and ideas, like:\""
"1147" "\"The water is still flowing in the river,\""
"1148" "\"Other victims project the blame back unto themselves. They accept the psychopath’s projection of blame and begin questioning themselves: what did I do wrong, to drive him away? What was lacking in me that he was so negative or unhappy in the relationship? Was I not smart enough, virtuous enough, hard-working enough, beautiful enough, sexy enough, attentive enough, submissive enough etc.\""
"1149" "\"Rowback in today´s article regarding the arena: it is scheduled to open after 2009.\""
"1150" "\"330 **5. \\"Going to School with Heroes: Plutarch's Heroes and the Divine.\\" Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, July 13, 2000, p. 8, July 20, 2000, p. 8; also, December 2, 1999, p. 8, December 9, 1999, p. 8. (Sources: Item D-III/5/1999, below; Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 724-34.)\""
"1151" "\"The remarkable thing about Sehwag is that this precision eyesight normally decays with age requiring a mid career change of technique. Even Sobers and Lara found it harder and harder as they grew older and made adaptions, but Virender treated the world to a superb display this week in his 219 in 149 balls with 25 fours and seven sixes at the age of 33.\""
"1152" "\"Length of Makeup Courses: The best makeup courses are about eight weeks long and provide about 280 hours of instruction and workshop time. Becoming a makeup artist requires dedication and commitment, and a full eight-week course will provide you with all of the information you need to succeed.\""
"1153" "\"The light in my heart shines too bright\""
"1154" "\"Kamil Mezalka then grabbed a two-foot-long samurai sword and told his stepfather to get off of his mother, according to deputies.\""
"1155" "\"Requires (2) 32 watt T8 linear energy-efficient fluorescent bulbs\""
"1156" "\"Ultimately, I wasn’t blown away by Dubliners, although I was pleasantly surprised. While I think I’ll definitely try and take on Ulysses in the future (famous last words), I don’t think I’ll revisit Dubliners unless it’s to revisit “The Dead”, which really manages to drive the point of the entire collection home poignantly. I will say that Joyce, naturally, has an amazing sense of place and giving the reader the right detail to orient themselves in Dublin; it’s part of that unflattering reflection into the world and making these characters real people. I may not want to come back and visit, but it’s still firmly a place on my literary map of the world.\""
"1157" "\"We are always conscious of sin.\""
"1158" "\"First, mix together your milk and lemon in a glass bowl to sit and culture for at least 10 minutes. Then in a different large mixing bowl mix together your dry ingredients and then cut in the oil and butter like you would a pie crust recipe. Lastly, add the milk mixture and stir well. It will be a bit foamy and wet when you first mix it all together. So let the batter sit for 10-15 minutes for the oats to soak up the moisture. Then these biscuits are a \\"drop\\" biscuit recipe- so you will use a 1/4 cup measuring cup to pour out and drop the batter on a parchment papered baking sheet. Then top the biscuits with a sprinkle of orange zest. This recipe will make 1 dozen large biscuits, or 18 smaller biscuits. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 18-20 minutes. Until golden brown and stiff. Pull from oven and let cool for a few minutes before moving and serving.\""
"1159" "\"he was just a terrible motherfuc–\""
"1160" "\"St. Desideratus\""
"1161" "\"Enjoy !!!!!!!!! -Hard2handell\""
"1162" "\"The first video below reports that more than 5,000 people attended a rally at UC Davis rally, but a local television station claimed only a couple hundred showed up. The photos included in the first video below tell the truth.\""
"1163" "\"At the cliff end, the land plummets down to the town. One possible means of descent, the East Hill Cliff Railway, has ceased running for the day which leaves me with the only other option: a steep flight of stairs, the treads of which are too wide and the risers too low to comfortably descend with any sort of rhythm. Sneaking along the back of houses, through narrow gaps between the tall, thin buildings, the stairs emerge at the Stade, home to Europe’s largest beach-launched fishing fleet. The black-weatherboarded net shops, like tall sentry boxes, could, I suppose, be described as quaint, attracting the tourists as they do, but this is still very much a working beach. I scrunch across the shingle, weaving between the weatherbeaten boats and rusting winches and bulldozers that drag the fleet up the beach, past tangled webs of nets, and stacks of battered brightly coloured fish boxes.\""
"1164" "\"“It’s awful,” Kassi Gilbert said of the pain inflicted by the loss. “It’s every day. It just doesn’t go away.”\""
"1165" "\"Just turn it around! Now the front has a lovely boat-neck style, but the back is bare and chic, like in the '30s. This works with a modern t-shirt because there is almost never any shaping through the bust, due to the stretchy jersey fabric.\""
"1166" "\"Oh ladies and gentlemen,\""
"1167" "\"Yet the chattering classes criticized Obama for \\"taking a victory lap,\\" even going so far as to try and swift boat him. It hasn't worked yet, as Obama's been careful to point out that the SEALS did the work, but as President he was the one who ordered the hit.\""
"1168" "\"“xbox messenger”:\""
"1169" "\"She is making up mini Swag Bags for our friends (very mini she said, muttering something about the economy). We only know economy has the word NOM in it and now we’re hungry…\""
"1170" "\"Concentration on the present, which gives the title to the book of interviews of Hadot’s entitled The Present Alone is our Happiness, helps us to see that it is the ‘thickness’ of the present, which is to say, the presence within it of the past and future, which are the cause of most of our suffering. Worries about the future, regrets about the past, these pulls yank us out of the present, divert our focus on where we are right here and now. But for Hadot, and many Ancient schools before him, the present has all we need to be happy. Hadot particularly emphasizes the way this played out in “Stoic virtue” and “Epicurean joy.” As will become clear, the second and third exersices flow naturally from this first, and in different flavors for Stoicism, Epicureanism, and Buddhism, in ways I’ll address now in turn.\""
"1171" "\"Oh, sorry. Where was I? Oh right, quality time with the kid.\""
"1172" "\"“Of course,” my friend said, “when they get stuck or trapped or in one place, they just shit and…”\""
"1173" "\"History has given us one important lesson of how uncontrolled immigration can destroy a nation. We must take heed before it is too late.\""
"1174" "\"There are so many disparate elements that keep you watching even after realizing what a hot mess you're seeing unfold on the screen, I don't think I can list them all.\""
"1175" "\"I pray that this little house becomes our home.\""
"1176" "\"The writing style is pretty much what I expected it to be. No favorite quotes or memorable lines I had to mark here but it still kept me gripped and hooked till the end. The writing is simple and descriptive but not brain twisting and confusing. It’s not even one of the love stories that inspire me to love life (One Day, Looking For Alaska) but I would still recommend Dear John.\""
"1177" "\"parfumeurs - boulangers.\""
"1178" "\"Think of the consequences of the Keith Moon Bar going.\""
"1179" "\"AWWWHHHHH WILL.\""
"1180" "\"I was so excited! Sadly, I couldn't make it... but I did send my commissary, Jason to move it and shake it with Brisbane's 'Burgeratti' elite earlier this week. He took along Mr D the builder as his date (Mr D worked as builder on the Wintergarden site, so it was an inspired choice).\""
"1181" "\"Canucks fans (and those from the Pens!) have some serious pondering to do about their team. After disappointing first round exits, the two squads seem to have some major questions to answer. Yet, both teams can take heart in their mini-comebacks for the last couple of games of the series. Daniel Sedin made a massive difference for the Canucks, and the Pens played under control in games 4 and 5 which helped them play into game six.\""
"1182" "\"The underskirt was ripped out of another dress that I've had for over a year now and never worn. Maybe I'll wear it soon...\""
"1183" "\"I also wanted to clarify why the request by the defence to have the time for the appeal extended had failed.\""
"1184" "\"into shovel, either to bury the\""
"1185" "\"School of Fear by Gitty Daneshvari (four unusual children are sent to a wacky school to get cured of their phobias) ****\""
"1186" "\"I am honestly not making this up; she actually said it. I had committed the one truly unacceptable sin: not accepting frivolous rantings as legitimate and telling her that I had no intention to indulge her in them. Her tirade soon spread from dishes to all matters, no matter how unrelated.\""
"1187" "\"Ghostpoet is one more artist to the group this year that is of the electronic or more urban genre that they’ve been including a lot more in recent years. Supporting fellow nominee on their 2011 tour Metronomy, Ghostpoet is not Tinie Tempah hip-hop though the picture on the cover of the CD may give you that impression. I believe that this guy isn’t for someone like me but not exactly a bad artist. Just not for me. Yes, my least favourite of the pack is still Adele.\""
"1188" "\"As you can well imagine, upon learning of the upcoming departure this past Tuesday, my little guy is crushed. You have never seen eyes get so blue. But he is his mother's son afterall! He is already planning on how to say good-bye to her so she doesn't get too sad. What tickled me was the way he said \\"Mom, I am sorry but I am going to need you to make A LOT of cupcakes here!\\" It was a very pointed statement. I smiled to myself and very seriously told him \\"You tell me what you need darling, and Mommy will make them!\\"\""
"1189" "\"Ever the city of opportunity and opportunists, here on the highways, in moving traffic with little clearance, we have sellers of fruit, flowers, and water. I rarely need the flowers or water, but now I regret not having purchased a bag of fruit.* It would have made a nice snack, perhaps a quick chat with the vendor, and not have left me with a story about nothing :)\""
"1190" "\"Once we are in His perfect will, we will need to reset our hearts towards His purposes instead of fulfilling our own desires and needs. Many a times, we forget that our home on earth is temporary and in God’s Kingdom is eternal. So what are we living for? We have to then: -\""
"1191" "\"This team will certainly cause its first-round opponent some headaches with its depth and blistering pace of play. Ty Lawson has been playing great all year, Arron Afflalo is firing on all cylinders right now, and Danilo Gallinari is finally healthy again. Although their model of star by committee is unprecedented, letting whoever is the hot hand take over in crunch time, it is also unproven. That and the fact that they give up 101.2 points a game, second-worst in the league, truly hinder their chances at making a deep playoff run.\""
"1192" "\"Am exhausted but I need to find an outfit for New Year's Eve, hopefully I can magic some velvet out of my wardrobe otherwise I have no idea what to wear, eeek!\""
"1193" "\"that this Makropoulos chick is just a little too nuts for you,\""
"1194" "\"The New York Rangers Hockey Club is still in the process of rebuilding. We are good. We've built this core right. And our younger skaters have remained surprisingly resilient all season long. I was adamantly opposed to altering this team at the trade deadline. And today, I'm very thankful we didn't do anything hasty or disruptive.\""
"1195" "\"She has two poems on the wall of her study, one by John Updike on writing and 'Walking to Sleep' by Richard Wilbur, which begins:\""
"1196" "\"top class escorts, best Indian escorts and the high profile girls are the source of Indian\""
"1197" "\"“There never were in the world two opinions alike, no more than two hairs or two grains; the most universal quality is diversity”\""
"1198" "\"There have also been a few side projects, that were not quite fully-fledged army projects. This includes:\""
"1199" "\"Today, I went to both the dentist and my family doctor. The dentist visit was for a cleaning, and for once, the lady that cleaned my teeth was gentle. So it wasn't too bad.\""
"1200" "\"Moved by the Devil and the Laird of Lee,\""
"1201" "\"but I would rather be outside\""
"1202" "\"The photo above is part of my button haul the other day. I was at an ARC charity store and found all those buttons in a plastic bag, hidden amongst the balls of yarn, bags of ribbon, and sewing patterns. The bag was $1.99.\""
"1203" "\"On Saturday the Rally begins at 11 a.m. for the very serious racers in the group. We will leave either just before or just after the main group. Our sail up to Banda Island will probably take four days if we have decent winds so I will be posting blogs from the ship’s radio once again. I haven’t had good internet in so long that I got carried away with the photos-- I hope you enjoy them.\""
"1204" "\"i go from the delusion that everything is going to be a-ok,\""
"1205" "\"Me: Yes they do, and there’s that other one that looks like them too.\""
"1206" "\"Stroller Mode:\""
"1207" "\"Here is another shot and the wonderful inspiration photo.\""
"1208" "\"What happened, in fact, was the classic college prank of the \\"Upper Decker.\\" The act, which is described as 'doing one's business in the upper tank of the toilet instead of in the bowl,' is one of the worst pranks imaginable. When the next poor unsuspecting person flushes the toilet, thing get bad in a hurry. The Prince, and several other members of his party, was observed laughing as they left Hemlock Winery.\""
"1209" "\"Happy Friday everyone! What a week --- whew! I'm so happy the weekend is upon us and we get a little break from the busy work week. Today I want to share a card I created for this week's Inspiration Friday challenge over at the La La Land Crafts blog. This week, create a project using an image from the Girlfriends collection. I decided to use pretty little Jesalyn!\""
"1210" "\"Issued to: Craig Whyte, Director, Rangers FC\""
"1211" "\"Ok, enough explaining. Who is ready for the challenge??\""
"1212" "\"With that, Munin ended the call.\""
"1213" "\"Q066) Do you have any desire to marry?\""
"1214" "\"Will have to go back soon for weekend lunch or dinner!\""
"1215" "\"He hummed while put the groceries in refrigerator. He look at the vase. “The flower… May be I should buy the fresh one…” He take his wallet but forget to bring his phone.\""
"1216" "\"I had the opportunity to take some newborn shots last week. A friend of a friend booked a lia sophia party with me this fall and during the party I was talking about my hobby. She called me later to set something up. This was my first time doing the newborn thing. My uterus might have skipped a beat or two. :)\""
"1217" "\"The story of that first sale is posted here. That page desperately needs updating – maybe I’ll get to it before you read this, but meanwhile here is more current information.\""
"1218" "\"*Sigh* It really is true what they say. \\"You don't know what you got until it's gone.\\" When we live with something that we like for so long, we become very accostumed to it, so much so that we can't ever imagine how we'd get along without it. And yet, when it get's taken from us, we just have to somehow get by. In this case I'm referring to internet service (as if you couldn't tell).\""
"1219" "\"Where: 543 Union Street down the alley off Nevins\""
"1220" "\"Don't look at me !\""
"1221" "\"art stamp\""
"1222" "\"I am not done following the Lord.\""
"1223" "\"Strawberry smoothie is a very easy to make smoothie...It has got a tasty flavor and is a favorite among kids...\""
"1224" "\"Sorry I've neglected this blog. Just haven't been much in a writing mood lately. Between dealing with 125 students in six classes, working with Speech and Debate students (we qualified 23 to states and will be taking 8 to National's in June), and just living life, writing hasn't been that interesting to me.\""
"1225" "\"Whenever I demanded that God rush me a spouse, however, He seemed to whisper this question in my heart, “Rob, is the love of Jesus Christ enough for you? Have you allowed My complete forgiveness and unconditional acceptance to satisfy your heart?”\""
"1226" "\"Now for some inspiration from the team...first of all a huge thanks to Donna, our guest designer this month.\""
"1227" "\"It is especially fun for me to get to watch my husband enjoying my children...and my kids loving their Dad! It is so wonderful to see after such a long time apart! Ben does such a great job with both kids, I am so thankful he is such an involved and loving Dad. He is a great example of our loving Heavenly Father!\""
"1228" "\"British stag parties must have tired of using the Baltic States as lavabos by now, so drunk-tank tourism is one of the many income funnels that Ukraine may yet drain. Russia misses the boat once again. But then Putin reserves the right to sink it any time he chooses.\""
"1229" "\"Both the YES and NO sides are in full agreement over one thing:\""
"1230" "\"What else is out there?\""
"1231" "\"and it was just quiet.\""
"1232" "\"Yeah. Right. I tried to guess what it could be. Now it couldn't be something cynically hilarious, because it had to be pleasant. Here were my guesses:\""
"1233" "\"See you Monday!\""
"1234" "\"WE HAVE GOT TO STOP HAVING AN AFFAIR WITH THE WORLD, living in the wrong set of laws that produce death and not life.\""
"1235" "\"Feeding the Dragon: A Culinary Travelogue Through China with Recipes\""
"1236" "\"Last year, inspired by the lovely Fire Byrd, I did a post called 'Six Senses'. I really enjoyed writing it and, from the comments I got, you lot really enjoyed reading it. The idea is that you stop for five minutes and really pay attention to your surroundings...what you can see, touch, smell etc. So once a week I'm going to take five minutes to myself. I'm going to concentrate on that exact moment in time and I'm going to try and capture it. It solves the 'what the hell shall I blog about?' thing that has been bothering me, it will force me to stop and pay attention to my surroundings (which is always a good thing) and I think it will help me appreciate where I am right now rather than always thinking of the next thing I need to do (and hopefully it will make interesting reading). So I'm going to start right now\""
"1237" "\"1 c. raisins\""
"1238" "\"-Another \\"witty\\" status shuffle post? Yawn.\""
"1239" "\"I thought we were out of the woods, I mean...four and a half years later, I thought we wouldn't have to worry about too much...boy was I wrong! I do know that when a preemie gets sick, it happens hard and fast, so Monday when he was up all night long wheezing and had a fever, I knew he had to get to the hospital. We get there and the \\"doctor\\" that took care of Kenny heard he was wheezing...his pulse ox was 93 as well so they gave him a breathing treatment, still wheezing...and sent him home with prescriptions that couldn't be filled because of something written wrong on them. Fast forward to yesterday morning when he woke up and just looked very sickly. After me being up all night with breathing treatments and Tylenol/Motrin to keep his fever away...as not to cause a seizure...the wheeze was still there. I called and they got him right in for a chest x-ray and office visit. In the office, he was pulse ox-ing the very low 90's...when the doctor listened to his lungs, he wasn't moving any air at all. At that time, they ordered back to back to back albuterol treatments...7 total and he was still stating very low and having a hard time breathing. They decided to admit him to the pediatric intensive care unit where they can keep a better eye on his lungs. He, at that point, was put on 2 liters of oxygen...and he was STILL pulse ox-ing in the low to mid 90's. The flood of memories and emotions hit me like a tsunami....to.much.to.take.in. Why? After all of the struggles he has been through...why does he have to battle massive lung issues that could kill him. I lost nick to bad lungs and I really thought we were out of the woods with Kenny...but I guess this will always be an issue.\""
"1240" "\"Heat the oil in a wide, deep pan and add the cumin seeds.\""
"1241" "\"First off with Football.\""
"1242" "\"And then at the end of the appointment poor thing got 4 shots...on her birthday! Hopefully she only remembers cake and presents and not the shots!\""
"1243" "\"The true grid\""
"1244" "\"I used a small cookie dough scoop and loaded one scoop into each cupcake liner.\""
"1245" "\"my \\"easy\\" child.\""
"1246" "\"The iPad measured at 6.2% lower reading speed than the printed book, whereas the Kindle10.7% slower than print. However, the difference between the two devices was not statistically significant because of the data's fairly high variability. Thus, the only fair conclusion is that we can't say for sure which device offers the fastest reading speed. In any case, the difference would be so small that it wouldn't be a reason to buy one over the other. Speed is something we hadn't really thought about and don't have a ready answer for why this might be. It may be familiarity; perhaps once people are as used to e-reading as they are to print, these numbers might even out.\""
"1247" "\"CANADIAN soldier roughing up an Insurgent\""
"1248" "\"The student would like to travel after her degree. It is one which could lead to work anywhere.\""
"1249" "\"I will be back. It's a threat and a promise. I promise a blog by the end of the evening or at least by the early hours of tomorrow. I know... tomorrow never comes but in this instance it may just have to work.\""
"1250" "\"Wil's phone number and his son's address was also included. Hoping it wasn't too late, I sent him a text and I emailed his son, asking him to give Wil a few messages from me.\""
"1251" "\"Marston Moor Business Park\""
"1252" "\"How dare these people, or this journalist, talk about ‘EDL thugs’ when at this Al Quds demo Hamas, Hezbollah, Muslim Brotherhood and even al-Qaeda supporters, along with violent and totalitarian Trotskyists and Communists, will be mouthing off in their usual hyper-hypocritical manner?\""
"1253" "\"Over the next week I will be rolling out my personal line of cookies. I couldn't be more excited and absolutely thrilled to be able to share them with you. There are some real gems coming out of this kitchen.\""
"1254" "\"Pull: Simplex T-Bar.\""
"1255" "\"Good luck getting that one returned. Yet again, replicas are easily replaced. Your master store-bought game is not. You could ask for another original game for Christmas. But then I suppose you are probably not going to get the other new game disk that you wanted.\""
"1256" "\"The Life of Pi, The God of Small Things, The Kite Runner.\""
"1257" "\"Without you there are no goals to reach…\""
"1258" "\"Humanistic Psychologist Carl Rogers believed that active listening was the most important trait a therapist could have, and that having a good listener in your life is essential to your happiness. We all want to feel like we matter: we all have something to say, and we all want someone to listen. (I mean, why else are we on here blogging?)\""
"1259" "\"And I will forever hold dear, your precious name\""
"1260" "\"When my former spouse first went to jail, I received mail guidelines from his attorney. I followed them strictly, including writing “legal mail” on the outside of the envelope as the guidelines I’d received had instructed. I assumed I had to do that to show I was a law abiding citizen sending nothing illegal to a prisoner in jail!\""
"1261" "\"Re-purpose and re-use!\""
"1262" "\"They started having death day events. I went last year. Dinner conversation was somewhat twisted.\""
"1263" "\"I was also profoundly shocked when I eventually learned that each one of these women was married. They weren’t widows at all! The truth was that their husbands would have nothing at all to do with the church.\""
"1264" "\"The Germany legend netted 67 times for Bayern Munich in the 1972-73 campaign, a feat that was not bettered until the Argentina international completed his treble in Catalunya on Wednesday.\""
"1265" "\"Another aspect of the movie that should prove to make things interesting is star Brad Pitt’s recent admission to British newspaper The Daily Mail that “It’s shameful how little I know about baseball.” The actor went on to relate that his past sports experience, which includes brief interludes (in high school) as a wrestler and diver, never included a foray into America’s Pastime. “I’m amazed they let me do this movie. Baseball and I didn’t get along that well.”\""
"1266" "\"To which class do you belong?\""
"1267" "\"Lets see now:\""
"1268" "\"I remained at this theatre for about fifteen months, but decided that the changing ways of theatres was not for me. So in April 1968 I moved into the film studios, at MGM Studios, Elstree in Borehamwood, Herts.\""
"1269" "\"As a child, I would plant every seed I found with a true, honest and naive air and was soon to find out to my deepest dissatisfaction that there were some that were just weeds. I would try in vain to get them to become little buttercups perhaps but a weed can never change his roots.\""
"1270" "\"I decided to go with the monochromatic theme over at the Greeting Farm's Farm Fresh Challenge. Haven't participated in one of their challenges in a while, I'm slowly trying to make my way through all my stamps and rotating back now through TGF. Now I have to ink up the matching Amelia, maybe to make a girl version of a graduation card. Used a variety of star punches, Quickutz die, and a cutting file from Kerri Bradford when she offered it as a freebie a few months ago. Added blue \\"Waterfall\\" stickles, but for some reason it looks gold on the enchanted evening PTI cardstock. Light blue cardstock is Bazzill and patterned paper is from Prima, actually from the quite girly Sweet Fairy pack.\""
"1271" "\"Through his investigation, Joseph befriends a 16 year old who calls herself Dizzy Lizzy, a young runaway who sells herself in order to provide for the social misfits that inhabit her world. Amid accusations that he is losing his objectivity, he becomes a pariah amongst his fellow officers.\""
"1272" "\"The main and only person guaranteed to do everything right and look hot doing it is the instructor, who does this multiple times a day, every day.\""
"1273" "\"The Sino-Japanese war wasn't resolved by any stretch of the imagination that night. Hong and Nushida were pretty disappointing as they were both out of the game by the 6th inning but the crowd brought in by the spectacle couldn't be ignored. Since in the Pacific Coast League each series between teams lasted the entire week, the Oaks and Senators decided to have a rematch 5 days later on the last day of the 1932 season.\""
"1274" "\"The purpose of this project is to SEE your loved ones (again). Kelly, like many of us, found herself getting caught up in day to day life and needing some inspiration to rekindle that love she has for her family. I have to say - I've been faced with that very same thing, especially with a new baby in the house.\""
"1275" "\"For now, I would like to share with you a cassette from 1991 (the year in which A.T.T. overtrew Moussa Traoré), bought in Mopti (the town where A.T.T. was born), and recorded by one of my favourites \\"vendeurs de cassettes\\" in the local market: Amadou Fofana (more of his cassettes in future posts). The subject of the cassette is A.T.T. himself. And I have no doubt the song is in praise of the man.\""
"1276" "\"Our brain, muscles, blood, and lungs contain so much water. Water is used to transport nutrients to organs and oxygen to cells. Water is used to regulate body temperature. Water detoxifies our body and protects our joints and organs. Water is one of the most basic necessities for a healthy body, clear mind, and balanced internal and external muscles and tissues.\""
"1277" "\"It is only May but I have witnessed the best film of 2011 and it is 13 Assassins. The following review will contain nothing but fulsome praise for Takashi Miike’s film so brace yourselves…\""
"1278" "\"At last, I can walk unobstructed from Dowgate Hill to Walbrook. Apart from the road that is. And Cannon Street is back to 2 way traffic! Unfortunately the Psyclists haven’t quite got the hang of stopping for the pedestrian lights so there’ll be an accident fairly soon I think.\""
"1279" "\"Savitz D, Whelan EA, Rowland AS, Kleckner RC. Maternal employment and reproductive risk factors. Am J Epidemiol 1990; 132: 933-945.\""
"1280" "\"Knew he walked\""
"1281" "\"The Soulfolk Experience entertained at Brooklyn Borough Hall. Dan Aiello performed pop on Flatbush Ave. In Carroll Gardens, MaDDan & NottyMinds played Jazz; Naomi Frank provided funk. The Birdhive Boys played on Smith Street.\""
"1282" "\"Henry is coloured with copics.\""
"1283" "\"There’s no doubt that $12 -$15 for a chicken is expensive. In this economy that’s a lot of money for one meal. Here are some tips on making the most of your pastured poultry.\""
"1284" "\"How often do you meet an enterprising 24-year-old who's adorable, gracious and a talented ice cream maker?\""
"1285" "\"He's 70 years old.\""
"1286" "\"The Paper Studio- Light Polka on Cream paper\""
"1287" "\"- Adi Granth, ki Var Mahala I\""
"1288" "\"moving\""
"1289" "\"Now, on the surface, the idea of a Coaches Registry I believe is a good one. As a matter of fact I thought that the lead organization of the sport in this country was already collecting this data on our coaches. I think that would be a tremendous aid in working towards the “30 medal goal” in major championships. Such a collection of data would be very useful in trying to match up athletes on the brink of success with coaches that possibly might be able to help them get “over the hump”. Especially in areas where we have been absent from the medal stand for some time.\""
"1290" "\"KROFT: Went out, in fact, and helped in the confiscation of property from your fellow Jews, friends and neighbors. SOROS: Yes. That’s right. Yes.\""
"1291" "\"Most doctors know that vaccines only give temporary immunity at best and that microbes, like B. pertussis, are constantly evolving to survive. 15, 16 That’s why five or more doses of pertussis vaccine still can’t prevent all whooping cough disease. So we will be talking about whooping cough, measles, mumps, chicken pox and lots of other infectious diseases for a long, long time in this country and in every country, whether we get vaccinated or not.\""
"1292" "\"The picture do not show the colors correct so I will have to take them again tomorrow.\""
"1293" "\"I only used one coat of Revlon Whimsical since I don’t like to many glitters but I will try with a double or triple coat next time.\""
"1294" "\"I know... where's the link? There is none because I'm assuming someone somewhere cares about the copyright to this album. Apparently there was a CD released last year, but is now unavailable and at least one track is available for digital purchase download.\""
"1295" "\"“It in the lover’s character, that they think no evil of the subject loved.” (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)\""
"1296" "\"Kids start to taunt,\""
"1297" "\"Outline: B000\""
"1298" "\"According to the Professor, Megaupload should have never been taken offline. He claims that it’s a modern-day equivalent of the printing press.\""
"1299" "\"because there is no definitive number of priests who were active between the\""
"1300" "\"(3) The term \\"identical units\\" as used in this subsection means undamaged bottles or cans of identical brand, package and volume.So...what this means is that if a distributor dropped a case of Sly Fox Dunkel Lager and a case of Sly Fox Pikeland Pils, for example, and three cans from each case burst, he would be forbidden by law to combine those two cases and sell a mixed case. He would be forced to send them back to the wholesaler. God help him if he were crazy enough to mix the cases on purpose, because, you know, chaos might result.\""
"1301" "\"In 2011: 22nd National Poetry Slam in Cambridge and Boston, Mass.:\""
"1302" "\"In the same range there is also a brown one, a tripel one and a winter one. Let's see when we get to those.\""
"1303" "\"During his arrest authorities recovered over $1 million in cash that was stored either at the house or in a storage locker. They also recovered two weapons, including a service revolver which they believe Konias used to allegedly shoot Michael Haines.\""
"1304" "\"I do tend to take a few other foodie necessities with me such as, Marmite, Horseradish Sauce and a jar of Mince Sauce.\""
"1305" "\"3) Speaking of youth, was Laura Dern seriously THIRTEEN when she made this movie?\""
"1306" "\"the venus and the pottery\""
"1307" "\"Tomorrow I will have a preview of the next big Precocious Paper update that is happening May 1st. You'll want to be the first to get in on the new goodies and a special deal :). Thanks for stopping by today! Tessa\""
"1308" "\"The story repeats in German clothing stores, book stores, postal offices, banks, etc. It’s no wonder many Americans perceive German salespeople as a bit cold. They just don’t share in our mentality that pseudo-friendless equals an improved customer experience (which is debatable conclusion in itself, I might add). On the other side, it’s no wonder that many Germans are turned off by chatterbox salespeople in the U.S. They’re just not used to someone “pestering” them as soon as they step foot in a store.\""
"1309" "\"Has it really come to this? The devil’s pact of Islamism and Communism are now the dictatorial rulers of Europe? Hitler, Lenin, Stalin and Mussolini were guilty of not only destroying the lives of their enemies; they ultimately destroyed those they purported to represent. Europeans are now faced with the astonishing and terrifying prospect of being dictatorially controlled as an enemy of the state, not its friend, and when we see what totalitarian regimes do their friends, let alone their enemies, we should be extremely, if not obsessively, concerned.\""
"1310" "\"But I made a little discovery that at first I found innocuous, then interesting, titillating, suspicious and now, ominous.\""
"1311" "\"I don’t celebrate all of the neo-pagan holidays in my personal practice, and when I do I rarely do so in a way that anyone would peg as typical or traditional. But I’ve always loved Beltane.\""
"1312" "\"This is one of the pages I created to go with the my kit - Embrace Life!! This picture if of my boys on the beach in Galveston. We went walking on our last night and the boys had fun playing int he sand, finding sand castles, chasing the birds, playing with a kite, and getting their feet wet. So cute!! I loved the fun colors and layers I used to create this page. It came from some wonderful Bo Bunny and American Crafts papers, with the fun little extra bits an bobs added in there too!!\""
"1313" "\"Our flying record isn't great. We had not flown since 2005. We were trying to book a holiday, abroad, in 2006 around the time that the terrorist bomb plot to blow up airlines, flying between Heathrow and the US, using liquid explosives, was discovered, which resulted in the current liquid restrictions. At the time there was so much uncertainty that we decided to holiday in the UK, avoiding the need for flying. This trip to Amsterdam was to be a practice, so that we could become familiar with the new regulations, in preparation for a trip, later in the year, to see husband's nephew, who is working in California. In the intervening years we have travelled by ferry to Ireland and France. It is a much more relaxed means of travelling.\""
"1314" "\"The Way Station presents free screenings of your favorite stupid movies, in a supportive & alcohol-cushioned environment!\""
"1315" "\"ND - And speculating about where we might be next season doesn’t do anyone any good.\""
"1316" "\"He said the stranger had confused him to the point where he didn’t know if he was being held captive to be killed or regarded as a guest to be wined and dined. He appeared quite confused when he was walked into the police department. He appeared in excellent health, though a little shaken and confused.\""
"1317" "\"I asked how She got started and this is what she said:\""
"1318" "\"You, creator of stylish, should never be afraid\""
"1319" "\"How about that, getting a chance to do what most of us only dream of doing! But the career of Frankie Zak was only beginning.\""
"1320" "\"3. I watched State play for the first time on Saturday and I don’t know how much Raycom Lincoln Financial Sports’ equipment had to do with it but there’s way too much white on the field at State.\""
"1321" "\"touch of crayon\""
"1322" "\"Miss Dedrick, a teacher's aide from Albany, was marching close to Union Square when she was surrounded by police and sprayed by a NYPD Deputy Inspector\""
"1323" "\"Time was, Americans considered a chicken enchilada combo plate (with rice and beans) solidly Mexican. Then along came Diana Kennedy’s 1972 The Cuisines of Mexico, a book that raised Americans’ understanding of, and appreciation for, regional Mexican cookery. But in publishing it, she also dismissed our familiar Texas-style “mixed plates” as ersatz and debased Mexican, not worthy of our time and attention. After Kennedy, Tex-Mex was to real Mexican as ReaLemon was to an actual lemon.\""
"1324" "\"Auckland 6.7% to 7.9% (51,100 to 60,700)\""
"1325" "\"I spent all week working on reports. Two of the impact evaluation reports are due tomorrow, including one covering four bridges. Since I'm leaving tomorrow for the Texas Archaeological Society annual meeting in Lubbock, it meant they were due today.\""
"1326" "\"I guess that angle seemed too unrealistic, even too grandiose that the GM spokes-holes didn’t think such a tall tale would fool even idiotic AP beat writers (really?). Little did they know these glorified stenographers just jot down what they hear without question, and it gets published. Now I bet they wish they’d not restrained their inner Gecko.\""
"1327" "\"In 2005, assisted by the artisans of Daw’an, she rebuilt walls, sealed roofs with quicklime, and trained Yemeni and foreign students. The aim is not to produce replicas, but to enable local people to stay in these semi-abandoned villages. Damluji provides modern working conditions, with a dining room, a bathroom and so on.\""
"1328" "\"These are all from Forever 21. I've said before how much I love this store. I know some people can't stand it because its so huge (the one here is literally the size of a department store) but I love that I can almost always find something cute at a really reasonable price. Right now they have lots of nautical themed items and wide leg pants, so if you are looking for anything like that you should head on over and check it out.\""
"1329" "\"Which brings me to the end of today’s musings which whilst slightly different and less vampyric than usual hopefully made you smile, or roll your eyes, or just not read. In the words of Cristian Slater … So Be It!!!\""
"1330" "\"Dont'cha just love these colours together? And have you ordered any stamps from the new release? I'm waiting for mine to arrive - I couldn't order them til Monday cos I was waiting for the ones I wanted to be restocked....I can't wait til they arrive so I can ink them up, they're gorgeous!!! Anyhoo, I told ya it would be a quick post, bye for now......xx\""
"1331" "\"Why \\"inevitable conflict\\"? we relied on Japan for our cars and TVs for years with no conflict. Without recognising jihadism as the problem, Hari is doomed to see Western policy as the instigator of all Islamic ills. Indeed, he is left with the following conclusion:\""
"1332" "\"13. Boy Weasel\""
"1333" "\"“No, Miss Jane, not exactly: you are genteel enough; you look like a lady, and it is as much as ever I expected of you: you were no beauty as a child,” said Bessie.\""
"1334" "\"my mind turns to\""
"1335" "\"trick I've used in the past to give new life to old\""
"1336" "\"The Department of the Navy has issued two requests for information on data storage and cloud-based collaboration systems, including email. Navy, like so many other agencies, is looking for ways to cut its expenses through its IT spending.\""
"1337" "\"So I purchased the 1940 Spare-Time game, Rook (a 1924 card game for pairs of players, which had been my grandfather’s favorite), Flinch (a 1963 game my father had played as a child), and a game called Matchet (for which we could find no information at all). I passed up a golf-themed game with an $18 price tag, and ended up spending a grand total of $14 dollars.\""
"1338" "\"For Salsa, mix all ingredients together and taste for seasoning and citrus factor.\""
"1339" "\"Mearls: It's a combination of the two. D&D covers so much ground, that we can balance stuff based on combat without actually balancing anything for a specific campaign. We're looking at each area of the game - combat, exploration, interaction - and making sure that characters can contribute in each area. It's maybe 50/50 art and science.\""
"1340" "\"Do involve other family members; Don’t put the person with Alzheimer’s on the spot.\""
"1341" "\"Ever seen a picture of a person (in our case a child) and felt an instant connection? That's how Jeff and I have been going through this Foster-to-adopt adventure. Once we saw the picture of R over a year ago we knew \\"there's our son.\\" After we saw R we saw a sibling group of three C, T, and T and decided if things didn't work out with R we'd consider the entire sibling group since they are to be adopted together. Today I checked the adoption registry, as I do daily, and there are two new faces: J and Q.\""
"1342" "\"My husband struggled to get the bike down, but he did, and in one piece. I took it for a spin and it felt way more comfortable than the other one. The seat even had springs to cushion my bouncing butt and I was happy to discover that now you don't even need a wrench to adjust the height! I liked the colors and even the faux wood trim. It reminded me of Pee Wee Herman's bike. Sold! Here she is -- she's a beauty, isn't she?\""
"1343" "\"With Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York launching today {yipee! schedule here}, I thought this the perfect time to write about one of my favorite designers. It's already been chatted up in shelter magazines, national newspapers and blogland. But in case you haven't heard, in July Lee Jofa announced its first licensed collection of home fabrics from fashion legend, Oscar de la Renta. The fabric collection includes 25 designs in silk, linen, velvet and cotton which range from delicate floral embroidery to ethnic-inspired prints. The fabrics feature the fine tailoring and opulent detail that is the Oscar de la Renta signature.\""
"1344" "\"Twice this year, I ventured into this strange territory. I recently finished Blog Master Tali Roland’s “The Hating Game.” Honestly, I quite liked it. The premise is that the protagonist, Matti Johns, winds up on a dating-based reality show when she finds herself in financial trouble.\""
"1345" "\"6. Immature - Björk, Brass & Me\""
"1346" "\"So you just bought a new home and you may or may not know the history of the previous owner. Smudging your new digs on a regular basis, with white sage smudge sticks or a simple stick of lavender incense, purifies and cleanses your home of these unwanted energies.\""
"1347" "\"2. I was trying hard to resist singing along since I know My Love was close enough to capture my vocal stylings or lack there of.\""
"1348" "\"I believe they would not leave unless it was the best thing for them, their family and their future and that should always be their top priority.\""
"1349" "\"-Sheamus taken to the outside.\""
"1350" "\"And Hollister.\""
"1351" "\"Because I have never had a day off from motherly duties…\""
"1352" "\"____ Ability to laugh at yourself\""
"1353" "\"This scarf is 9 pattern repeats across and 48 2-row repeats long. I used Perle Cotton in two colours for the fringe, knotting it for the lacy look. The yarn is 100% merino sport weight, in a discontinued brand, but any soft yarn of any weight would work well.\""
"1354" "\"1. Where do you go when you want to get away from the pressures of life, family, work, etc?\""
"1355" "\"TOMMY’S RESPONSE:\""
"1356" "\"RR–You see, when you’re dealing with the energies that occur in these areas—sometimes these energies can reach immense proportions. It’s not just a little light somewhere out in the woods. The magnetic anomalies of Southeast Texas have caused a blackout of the utility grid for the entire region for unknown reasons. And during that time, a reporter for the “Beaumont Enterprise,” who now is with the “Austin American-Statesman,” he told me that the paper had reports of all kinds of weird lights flying through the sky. Of course, that never got in the newspaper.\""
"1357" "\"My daughter, growing up with a suspicious cop for a father, is convinced Girl Scouts are scammers, one step removed from terrorists. She’s got it in her head that Brownies use their cute little smiles to get cash for cookies, then laugh at us for buying such expensive & fattening treats, so many stupid boxes at a time.\""
"1358" "\"If you’re a regular reader of my writing on this blog, AOO, you might be wondering about what does this all mean?\""
"1359" "\"And this time we’ll get it right. We’ll stop the days of apologizing for success at home and never again apologize for America abroad.\""
"1360" "\"from their guns, their fury, they unleash.\""
"1361" "\"So ya, as you guys can see, it is a very understated, everyday, neutral look...the products that i used to create this look are very cheap, and easily obtainable..it's mainly drug store make up.\""
"1362" "\"Forgive me\""
"1363" "\"What no, I mean no, news organization will ever say in todays climate as it relates to our current national condition is that the demarkation lines are very easily drawn in this ideological war. This is a class war. One side trying to do for the less than equals, and the other is trying to thwart those efforts and work very hard on building wealth for the top ten percent. The thing that is so striking is that the American people without the terminology and vocabulary of a class warfare the American people cannot see to which side they belong or the truth of their situation in the country that they love. All politics in this country is now class warfare. The sooner the greater American people this fact the easier it will be for them to take control of their own political idealism.\""
"1364" "\"Dance me to the children who are asking to be born\""
"1365" "\"It must have been love\""
"1366" "\"She was stunning.\""
"1367" "\"More than two-thirds of the defendants charged with an immigration offense were identified as having been previously arrested. Thirty-six percent had been arrested on at least 5 prior occasions; 22%, 2 to 4 times; and 12%,1 time.\""
"1368" "\"I've got a lot of random thoughts to share before I KA-POW you with the x-rated drawing. Don't worry, I'm going away soon so this is all you'll have to remember me by for the next two weeks or so. Here's one more thought before the dirty goods.\""
"1369" "\"Actually I was thinking to ask Hubby to bring us out for dinner (Gwen and I stayed at home last weekend..boringnya) but I think he will be very tired when he reached home. So I quickly prepared dinner just now.\""
"1370" "\"Now, Tommy is also heading up my blog site, putting the soul of Safe Harbor right in front of visitors.\""
"1371" "\"Happy Creating & Swapping!\""
"1372" "\"These animals become interesting when Stiegler calls for a new political economy and reviews several ways of overcoming tendential decline of profit rate, leading to a discussion of bears: In the nineteenth century the rate of profit was maintained by secularisation of belief via calculable science and technique, the new social projects of schooling, nationalism, health etc., progressively exported globally (on the back of astonishing violence); then in the twentieth century, by means of consumerism and capture of protentions through channelling of attention by way of new media, ‘psychotechnologies’ and service industry-entertainment industry expansion. To this would need to be added colonial markets, imperialism, war and the mining, metals, industrial agriculture, war and the arms trade, plus financial services.\""
"1373" "\"ND - How Jim can I tell you now what an application looks like. I can’t. I’m not going to speculate. We have to deal with any application on its merits.\""
"1374" "\"Straight away, we are sitting in a car with sad sack Joey Rathburn. He’s gazing out on a trainer talking to a jockey. That jockey is working, and Joey is now down to one rider – the bug-boy Leon – who is also watching because he has almost no mounts. Joey is looking very desperate. By the way, that trainer with the white hair and sun glasses is the real life trainer Bob Baffert. If you blinked, you might have missed him. From another perspective – a touch of reality can only help.\""
"1375" "\"If your eyes follow the movement of the rotating pink dot,\""
"1376" "\"Okay, so what have I been up to in the classroom? Well, for 100s day, I never got to make those cute little 100 year old people from Finally in First. So we made them when we started talking about Ben Franklin in our Reading series. We talked about how things have changed through the years. I wanted them to write what they thought the world would be like 100 years from now. Here's a couple pictures of their people and their writing.\""
"1377" "\"Why do people find the Buzzcocks wimpy? This driving, angular dual-lead workout starts Motorik, then careens all over the M1 before missing the J42 interchange.\""
"1378" "\"ISXBA Blog (isxbablog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.\""
"1379" "\"Save $0.50 on Mr. Clean Magic Eraser\""
"1380" "\"(2) If the fetus is determined to be stillborn.\""
"1381" "\"Ello Everyone!\""
"1382" "\"New, punitive and potentially invasive laws such as the London Olympic Games Act 2006 are in force. This legitimise the use of force, potentially by private security companies, to proscribe Occupy-style protests. They also allow Olympic security personnel to deal forcibly with the display of any commercial material that is deemed to challenge the complete management of London as a \\"clean city\\" to be branded for the global TV audience wholly by prime corporate sponsors (including McDonald’s, Visa and Dow Chemical).\""
"1383" "\"Like Sunset Blvd., the namesake of Billy Wilder's Hollywood horror story from 50 years before, Mulholland Dr. feels like a living piece of the city's history. Unlike Wilder's route to disaster however, there's not much reason to take Lynch's winding artery through the Hollywood Hills unless you're one of the lucky few who have a home there or, like me, you wish you did. Literally and figuratively rising above the city glittering beneath, it's the pinnacle of Hollywood and Lynch's film immediately taps into the dream/nightmare that it represents.\""
"1384" "\"Important Clarification to Sundays Sermon 4/29/2012Dear Berean Family,By now you may know that my words, from Sunday mornings sermon, about effeminate behavior in children are being completely taken out of context by those in the LGBT community. Nearly every article is misquoting me.Clearly, I would like to have been more careful with exactly what I said, but sometimes I say things without enough clarity. I trust you understood my intent in the context of my total preaching ministry. If you did not, I would be more than happy to meet with you privately to provide clarity. Just reply to this email. I provided clarity to the Fayetteville Observer today, but I cannot be sure they will accurately report my words. For the record, I want to ensure everyone that I do NOT believe physical force is capable of fixing effeminate behavior or homosexual behavior. Parents should not punch babies or children. Ultimately only the gospel of Jesus Christ has the power to deliver one from sexual immorality and behavior including effeminacy;\""
"1385" "\"There’s a saying in Hollywood that “If you have six great scenes, you have a movie.” And I’ve said before that these six great scenes are\""
"1386" "\"Berstell, G. and Nitterhouse, D. (2001). Asking all the right questions: Exploring customer Purchase stories can yield Surprising Insights. Marketing research, 13(3) p. 14 – 20.\""
"1387" "\"Barely is the babe in arms\""
"1388" "\"After a run of authentic Trappist ales recently, I'm interested in an American taken on the version with Dark Horse Sapient Trip Ale.\""
"1389" "\"I am doing a Square Foot Garden as well as some containers. Neither one of us is particularly handy so we just ordered the box for the Square Foot Garden. It is not here yet though. I went ahead and started a few seeds in the garage three days ago. I sowed Genovese and Dark Opal basil, thyme, chives and Sweetie tomatoes. MUCH to my surprise, everything but the chives had sprouted this morning. SO fast. I guess the garage is pretty warm :P\""
"1390" "\"today seems to have flown by in a flash and hubby is just doing tea, very late tonight and then i need a bath yet and got to fetch all the stuff out the spare bedroom for tomorrows craft fair.i have a table in the craft hall and hubby is doing a carboot which my mum has offered to help him with.\""
"1391" "\"But now . . . at least for a few days . . . I can strut my true self . . . resplendent in bright colours . . . and ginghams galore. And this evening, I'm just sitting here . . . looking at my rolling rack. Making last minute changes. A few minor substitutions. And awaiting the chance to get dressed.\""
"1392" "\"That is some exceptionally hyperbolic imagery Gell drops on us. Its like he wants us to imagine Rogers hanging outside his windowless van, plying us with candy just to force us to watch hours of commercials once the door slides closed.\""
"1393" "\"-1 medium onion, diced\""
"1394" "\"So yesterday I found myself right by the London Bridge with this MASSIVE War Ship sitting there in the Thames and what else could I do?\""
"1395" "\"Wouldn't you think?\""
"1396" "\"Yet, every month the bills relentlessly arrived in the mail.\""
"1397" "\"Lineamenta: The New Evangelization for the Transmission of the Christian Faith, n. 6:\""
"1398" "\"This general quietness means that a human has to focus and concentrate and attend to her in a persistent and consistent manner to enter into much of her world....at least that is how Nessie operates. Different rabbits, like different dogs or different cats or different humans, have different styles. Some are boisterous and wild, some are quiet and calm. Nessie tends toward the calm and quiet...but....she has a major temper and doesn't flinch at letting you know when she is displeased. Having a bunny give you the squinty stink-eye is sort of intimidating, having a bunny rip out with a full loud growl when lunging toward you is startling and scary. Nope, she is not a shrinking violet...just a fairly quiet one. And we are honored (pretty much) that this quiet one graces us with her presence. :-)\""
"1399" "\"Keep yourself updated through the Club group See you there!\""
"1400" "\"Vitovska is still a grape that looks like a vista I will not know. A sea of crisp, floral newness.\""
"1401" "\"At lunchtime, because I had nothing much to eat in the house that didn't need cooking (no mains gas here!!!), I was forced...Yes, forced to go to the village pub for lunch and a pint of Westons' Perry. It was a nice afternoon, so, using my Moleskine music notebook, I noted down some of the ideas I'd had for the film for string quartet in the garden.\""
"1402" "\"MH: What has been the reaction thus far on having a transgender character in The Book of Transformations? Were you at all worried about how it would be perceived?\""
"1403" "\"I thoroughly enjoyed the sparkling wit in the dialogue - Walker has always been clever with her word choice and sharp puns, and it made for some thoroughly entertaining exchanges.\""
"1404" "\"…CNTRL & NRN PLAINS/MID-MO VALLEY…\""
"1405" "\"The bathroom situation\""
"1406" "\"See you then.\""
"1407" "\"You know, 'cause I'm made of money.\""
"1408" "\"5. Lagunitas Wilco Tango Foxtrot\""
"1409" "\"The first thing I want to mention is the simple space that is available in the Dragon Chow bag. I have included a picture of the seven sets of dice that I now have at my disposal. Keen observers will notice that four d10s are missing from the photo; I left them at our gaming host’s house and I will not get them back until later this week. (I really thought about holding off on taking the picture until the weekend, but I pushed through that nagging attention to detail!).\""
"1410" "\"Branson, Lindsay. “Radicalesbians.” OutHistory. 28 Sept. 2011. Web. April 1 2012.\""
"1411" "\"Sure, you could argue that this is progressive for Syria or the Middle East and maybe it is in some ways, but (a) Syria is highly unrepresentative of the Islamic Middle East, (b) the film was unrepresentative of Syria, and (c) the film was definitely being sold as a reflection of Islam as a whole, not just Islam as it is practiced in the region, and it just serves to reinforce the stereotype of Islam being behind the times. Our very existence in Southeast Asia counters this. And while the heart of the Islamic world lies in the Middle East, you can’t brush us off because we matter: Indonesia alone is the world’s largest Muslim country.\""
"1412" "\"The first six apps to be launched today are:\""
"1413" "\"the five-panel tribunal unanimously delivered a guilty verdict on charges relating to their involvement of knowing that prisoners of war were being tortured while held in afghanistan, iraq and guantanamo bay.\""
"1414" "\"Have you heard anyone say that during a party? I did. I heard it from ME! Me and my sisters has been preparing for the party last Sunday for ages, it was actually a Birthday Party; a First Birthday Party. From the invitation, motiff, color of the curtains, balloons, cake, the menu; what were not prepared for was the celebrator getting sick, and apparently the throng of uninvited people who attented the event.\""
"1415" "\"* White Tulle fabric by the Christmas Shop\""
"1416" "\"The point is, when faced with this situation, numerous intelligent men chose to completely disregard their moral compasses.\""
"1417" "\"The government have announced the introduction of a new mandatory code of practice for pubs and bars. All you can drink promotions and speed drinking competitions will be banned from April, and pubs required to provide free tap water, while from October smaller measures of beer, wine and spirits must be offered and any customers appearing to be under 18 must be asked for identification. Now, I’m not going to rush to the barricades to defend all you can drink promotions, but it is naïve to think that well-run pubs have nothing to fear from this. Taken as a whole, these measures represent an unprecedented degree of interference in the way licensed premises are run, which will impose new burdens on responsible and irresponsible licensees alike.\""
"1418" "\"Creating art is cathartic. Emotional scars and wounds can cause you to become ill, doing art doesn’t just release the emotions it starts the rejuvenation process. It does not matter what type of art you make, just create it!\""
"1419" "\"They stretched in never-ending line\""
"1420" "\"The base is basic black. The designer paper is from Stampin Up and is layered on white card stock. The piano keys I got off the internet and layered on white. Added some musical note brads, flowers with black flower brads and and shimmery bow.\""
"1421" "\"The Walking Dead’s plot revolves around the group’s attempts to survive. The threat of a zombie attack is ever present, but the plot is not just there to fill the space between zombie attacks. That time is used to explore tensions within the group. The series looks very real. The zombie attacks are extremely gory and lifelike. It’s not the type of series to watch before going to a Bob Katter town hall meeting.\""
"1422" "\"The gun needs a good cleaning and holster. But I am already enjoying it. I've taken it hunting, and have plans on taking some hogs with it soon.\""
"1423" "\"The kind that wells up in your bones and yearns to process by putting it into action.\""
"1424" "\"Author: Sally\""
"1425" "\"Well, I suppose…I’m definitely not getting to sleep any faster by just sitting her typing. I will talk to you again soon, Carter. I love you. Sweet dreams.\""
"1426" "\"person I met recently however who was adopted in the 1960s after her adoptive parents experienced multiple pregnancy loss. Her adoptive mother then went on to have two birth children. This lady was then told that she was no longer wanted. Although she remained within her adoptive family she was not treated in the same way as her siblings, and this remains the case until\""
"1427" "\"20Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me.\""
"1428" "\"Guinsoo: I think he said he was paying a visit to Xypherous.\""
"1429" "\"Also, there are a few other options that seem to be falling into our laps…though if we opted for this road (fork in the road scenario), we wouldn’t get very far where distance is concerned. There are so many choices as to which way we travel or go. I know this sounds like a bunch of babble, but I really do have a point to all this. I promise!\""
"1430" "\"Vogel believes that William is at fault because his reckless driving resulted in someone being killed. He disregards the meeting William had with the victim's family, since it bears no relevance to the crime that took place, but he does say that whatever conditions the victim was under at the time of the accident are also of no relevance because William's bad driving history is the real issue. Taking William's youth into account, Vogel sentences him to one year's imprisonement at hard labor and a fine of $5,000. He sets bail and a stay of execution, and orders him to turn himself in to the sheriff of Cook County at 10:00 on the morning of Saturday, the 16th.\""
"1431" "\"Hugh - the handsome male model - ditto for details.\""
"1432" "\"the big baboon by the light of the moon\""
"1433" "\"4. My favourite character is Della's dad - which character is your favourite?\""
"1434" "\"In seven years past, which is tastier, a sword or the razor blade of falling leaf?\""
"1435" "\"Venizelos sat throughout the meeting looking like a cornered boar. But once back on Greek soil, he made this quite extraordinary statement to the media there:\""
"1436" "\"home and the better AP is going home the next transfer. I really don’t know what I’m going to do if we get another AP like the one we have right now I’m done dealing with this one. He’s lazy, prideful and just\""
"1437" "\"I can plan to go down one of three possible paths – do I plan to:\""
"1438" "\"I’ll keep you posted!\""
"1439" "\"This is a blog hop so we hope you will hop on through the list and check out what the other designers have done for this hop. You can visit them in any order and please leave them a little love!\""
"1440" "\"visited sites with biographies on Tesla\""
"1441" "\"The next days and weeks were filled with happy homemaking- pulling up carpeting and staples, scraping up glued down carpet pad, painting five bedrooms, hanging new mini blinds, unpacking the poorly packed boxes. I hope to never have a company pack us again…I found an apple core, from their lunch that day, I’m assuming?!?\""
"1442" "\"galactic plane, asteroid/comet impact, a coronal mass ejection from the sun, an explosion from the black hole at the center of our galaxy, a religious apocalypse, an alien invasion, a gamma ray burst, changes in the flux rates of high energy galactic cosmic ray striking Earth, flu mega-pandemics, nuclear or biological war, a super-volcano eruption, a global warming effect, distortion in the time space continuum, the unleashing of a self-replicating nanotechnology\""
"1443" "\"-I will be detailing my entire day on the minute via my Twitter feed, so feel free to follow @Legendary_Gent, or click the link to the right-\""
"1444" "\"But then Barrionuevo’s biases begin to reveal themselves in much more obvious ways. He devotes the bulk of the article to criticism of Cristina’s failings without any mention of her accomplishments in education, poverty reduction, or human rights, and he describes her in unnecessarily harsh terms. (When he says that “with her emotional speeches and designer suits, Mrs. Kirchner appealed to the masses,” one senses that Barrionuevo isn’t complimenting Cristina’s oratory or her fashion sense.)\""
"1445" "\"Happy Thursday Everyone!! I have been busy unpacking and trying to set up the house but occasionally I find a need a break and making cards with the few materials I have available to me is a welcome break.\""
"1446" "\"Me, Jamie, and my Dad frying the turkey\""
"1447" "\"You got that right son……\""
"1448" "\"Massage is very physical work. Even with proper body mechanics and self care, at the end of my day I am pretty exhausted. Try adding carrying my massage table and supplies up and down multiple flights of stairs and the exhaustion is two fold. I count my blessings that I have a growing number of private clients who prefer massage in their homes, but there are some days where I wonder if I can really keep doing this. While I was in school, I had purchased my first massage table to use at home for practice and eventually, private in call clientele. The table weight is about 42 lbs. With bolsters and supplies, I would fairly estimate the massage luggage to be around 46 lbs. This is the table that I have carried up 5 flights of stairs, precariously balanced on one shoulder while hailing a city cab and dragged into the narrowest of living rooms to perform what I can only describe as “ninja” massage for the contorted positions I had to take in order to do my work. This table was never meant to be portable and as this past summer came to an end, I knew I needed something lighter…FAST!\""
"1449" "\"“A question I’ve never got an answer to: why is it ok to not listen to secular music, but still listen to Afro beats? The content is the same (sometimes worse in Afro beats)…I really don’t understand…!”\""
"1450" "\"When he eventually walked through the door he was, indeed, a bringer of good fortune, with the biggest smile I've seen in ages and which, amazingly, I happened to catch mid-grin on my camera.\""
"1451" "\"Simple living is best.\""
"1452" "\"Reads 99999.9 Hours/tenths\""
"1453" "\"Usually when I get a box of nail polish in the mail, I get all giddy and excited. Think five year old with a huge bag of candy happy. When I unwrapped the China Glaze Prismatic Collection, I wasn't quite as thrilled as I usually am. Something just didn't \\"click\\".\""
"1454" "\"On a bitterly cold day, with moments of crystal clear skies and dazzling sunshine, local residents gathered to exchange ideas, plant knowledge and gardening tips and to help with the sowing of British wild flower seeds on a newly prepared bed.\""
"1455" "\"Hope you’ve had a wonderful time, with family, or if you prefer to celebrate alone or with loved ones. I had a nice Christmas Eve with a couple of friends from work. And I ate fish and chips for dinner… I don’t know if it’s a step forward or a step backwards from last year, when I ate at Pizza Hut (also with some colleagues of mine).\""
"1456" "\"My other passion is french vanilla ice cream, better than sex baby, f*ck hot women, i dont need them, I wont even visit the massage parlors to get a quickie, I dont enjoy sex at all and I have reluctantly f*ck so many hot women in the past.\""
"1457" "\"I'm a real fan of the bees wax finish as I have found that if the ring has any little scratches on it from regular wear, a quick reapplication of bees wax easily covers any imperfections. I love to test-drive all of our products before listing so that I know that you will love yours as much as I do.\""
"1458" "\"At the Butcher Shop\""
"1459" "\"There is a water dispenser on the landing, but no cups. The young man in charge brought us his own drinking mug and allowed us to keep it overnight. Clearly, cups, too, are the clients' responsibility.\""
"1460" "\"Inscrivez votre e-mail pour recevoir des notifications lorsqu'un nouvel article est publié.\""
"1461" "\"I do remember playing spelling games with my sister, where my mother would say a word and both of us would try and spell it properly. This was always great fun to me!\""
"1462" "\"I remember the beginning of April’s readings… the field was really weird. Everything seemed condensed onto itself. The blue sky sitting on top of the golden dome, the dome so condensed it appeared the ground itself was in the dome. It stayed like that for the first few days of April, then, thankfully, all the readings started to unfold at the top of the Mesa Cliff.\""
"1463" "\"“Son of a bitch!” I yelled loud enough to draw the attention of all the good commuters over at the gas pumps. Feeling tired from working all night and utterly disgusted over the fact that something once offered free as a courtesy now cost twice money as I had on hand I almost decided to put on the spare tire and be done with it until I remembered my new KIA Rio does not come with one.\""
"1464" "\"except the rose garden in the towns park!!!!\""
"1465" "\"Physician Assistant’s (PA) are licensed in the U.S. to assist in the practice of medicine under the direction of a physician. Entry-level education is a Bachelor’s degree. They are licensed through a national certifying exam and accredited by the Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant. They can perform examinations, diagnosis, treatments, and have prescriptive authority. To maintain their licenses, PA’s must undergo 100 hours of continuing education every two years, and recertify by exam every six years. To maintain their licenses, PA’s must undergo 100 hours of continuing education every two years and recertify, by exam, every six. While they work in association with physicians, they are not independent practitioners. Unlike physicians, PA’s cannot specialize and have no specialty boards. They work alongside MD’s in an autonomous relationship, which includes ordering tests, interpreting tests, and prescribing. They can staff clinics, assist in surgery, and work on call for the practice. PA’s can treat most primary care illnesses on their own, which means that they are responsible for the diagnosis and treatment options, they also do perform follow up examinations when necessary.\""
"1466" "\"My fairytale birth was WELL on its way.\""
"1467" "\"Today it doesn't matter that I have some sort of face migraine that reoccurs daily and that my stomach is feeling dodgy. I'll continue to take pain killers and stay near a toilet.\""
"1468" "\"“Unwitting racism” can be used to attack the police for being “colour-blind” in their treatment of crime. This approach, according to some witnesses, is flawed for the following reasons:\""
"1469" "\"To sit in the warm yellow light of our porch or cockpit in the evening, all the other lights off to save power, the quaint romantic glow is special. It is an oasis in the dark and a place to hold only us. Cozy in the tropics.\""
"1470" "\"Zinaman MJ, Clegg ED, Brown CC, O’Connor J, Selevan SG. Estimates of human fertility and pregnancy loss. Fertil Steril 1996; 65: 503-509.\""
"1471" "\"Although the word is Indonesian, the fabrics come from all over the world: Thailand, Cambodia, Central and South America, India, Japan, Turkey, revealing that the technique developed in multiple cultures worldwide, and each have their particular ethnic patterns.\""
"1472" "\"We will be available the only ever cask (so far) of Colonial Mayhem. This beer is quite expensive to make as unlike many brewers we try to make all our alcohol out of grain, even for very strong beers. At 8.1% this is quite inefficient. I would be keen to hear from beer lovers how they feel about that. Should we reduce costs, and therefore price at the bar, by adding cheaper sugar and have a beer that is thiner and with less body, but a bit cheaper? Perhaps you think we should stick to our principles?\""
"1473" "\"I was using my 16-35mm wide-angle lens, usually a no-no for portraiture, as it tends to distort features unnaturally (especially up-close, where it can make noses bloom and hairlines recede). However in this instance, I kept really close to the rock but not so close to my subject, A., who stayed in the middle distance (which for that lens is about 5-10 feet away). The effect was to keep A. fairly well proportioned, but blow the rock right out, filling the frame, stretching it and (at closest range) blurring it. Oddly, this actually gave the impression of movement through the image, and making the frozen twists and boils of the rock appear fluid, another nice contrast. With A.’s hair catching a sniff of sea breeze, it gave an overall impression of motion and dynamism to an otherwise static scene- almost like a breaking wave frozen in time.\""
"1474" "\"Todor\""
"1475" "\"4 children-in law\""
"1476" "\"Gillian recently travelled to Jordan with a group of other women and a very handsome man (!) and explored, shared and photographed her way through her all to brief time there. The choice of photographs, the journal of what she saw, what she felt and how she was captivated leaps off the pages of her blog.\""
"1477" "\"I was fortunate enough to have what one might call a bit of a windfall and after the essentials had been dealt with I did find myself a little flush in the wallet area so I went shopping. I had decided last weekend that I would use this opportunity to upgrade and so I began to discuss my torch options with other users and did some research. I was pretty sure that i did not want to buy a Nortel Minor - a lot of folk have them and they are very good - but i wanted to not limit myself to melting soft glass as I quite fancy a foray into Boroscilicate in the future. Nortel produce several torches in their range beyond a Minor, and the Mega Minor is capable of melting boro (some minor users can work in small scale boro by adding a second oxycon), but again I wasn't overly convinced by it.\""
"1478" "\"KIDS STUFF - PAT FERRIN returns with a big bag of tricks for the pups - last year's drainpipe 'n ball will never be forgotten... not to mentio the coconut shy ....plus lots of interesting creative activities for the lille' ones.\""
"1479" "\"When I wanted to start my blog, part of it was because I read several that are so incredibly witty and amusing and entertaining. And, since I've always loved writing, I assumed that I could create something like that, too. But, the thing is, it seems that every time I sit down to write it just comes out so melancholy.\""
"1480" "\"I'll be reading up over the summer, trying to find something I like better for the fall. Judy Moody and Ruby Lu aren't off the list entirely, and I need to read the new Abigail Iris. We'll see.\""
"1481" "\"It's time for another Digi Makeover Challenge!\""
"1482" "\"Make sure to communicate with your parents. I think that's all parents really want...is to be in the loop as to what is going on while their children are at school. Make a weekly newsletter, create a class website, send home a weekly behavior note, etc. Whenever you communicate info without parents having to ask, the less stressful your school year will be.\""
"1483" "\"I, for one, did not work hard enough in school. I thought for sure that I would skate by on my charm and sense of humor later in life. That has only about half worked out. I want you to have it easier. But, that means working harder – when it counts – in the beginning.\""
"1484" "\"As I write this post, I feel a bit torn about how I should actually title it. I could say it was the first anniversary of the earthquake. I could say it was the first anniversary of the tsunami. I could say it was the first anniversary of the nuclear reactor meltdowns. I could be more specific with area in the title and say Tohoku region, Miyagi Prefecture, or Ishinomaki, where physical devastation and loss of life was the worst. But to choose any single one of these words seems far too limited in scope to describe the magnitude of the event, the gravity of a triple-wave disaster that tested not only one part of Nippon but the collective mind and spirit of the nation.\""
"1485" "\"10. Children’s section Before online gaming, there was Ceefax’s children’s section. Despite its basic nature, it had a huge following and it was free. However, the cult quiz game Bamboozle, was actually not available via Ceefax – despite people misremembering its host. It was indeed a Teletext game. Similarly holiday adverts and cinema listings were also Teletext features.\""
"1486" "\"Mr. President, I’m reminded of all who made the ultimate sacrifice in Afghanistan, including members of your own family. I pay tribute to those Afghans who have lost their lives alongside our men and women, and sacrificed for their country. Of course, our hearts are heavy as we remember so many who have died in this war. I’m grateful that this agreement pays tribute to the sacrifices made by the American people here in Afghanistan.\""
"1487" "\"-Merrell. The answer is no.\""
"1488" "\"Nothing else about the bar appears to have changed.\""
"1489" "\"This was in the days before lamaze, birthing rooms, and daddies wearing cups, and sliding down the wall in a faint, as their wives delivered their children beside them........\""
"1490" "\"-a drawing meant to apologize to me for being rude\""
"1491" "\"- that's Cuttlefish -\""
"1492" "\"2. Who Is Art School Suited For?\""
"1493" "\"In the story Kate, along with her sister Georgia, has moved to Paris from America to live with her grandparents after her parents were killed in an accident. Kate is a quiet girl who spends a lot of time alone reading and is still coming to terms with the loss of her parents. Georgia, however, deals with things in a different way – she is outgoing and has a great social life. It is Georgia who suggests that Kate should leave the house to do her reading so that she might actually meet people, when Kate takes her advice and meets the handsome Vincent she has no idea how much her life is about to change.\""
"1494" "\"Clark: \\"Mommy I want to bake something\\"\""
"1495" "\"i worked my tail off in the sweatshop whenever i wasn't busy being super mom:\""
"1496" "\"We hunt hold up men around the clock once they are identified. We send teams of fire breathing fence jumper/door kickers to find them. We will bring their mother to the office and convince her she is going to jail if we don't have Junior in our office in an hour. We have her call her son crying hysterically for him to turn himself in before she is arrested and held without bond as a material witness and her home seized for harboring him. Most of the time they won't. Fuck their own momma.\""
"1497" "\"www.izvoruluidragos.worpress.com\""
"1498" "\"school & I felt myself seeking comfort in food. I am seriously asking for you to pray\""
"1499" "\"I finally landed on these beautiful curtains from Pottery Barn.\""
"1500" "\"Overall a very welcome addition to the London scene and with plans for them to start brewing shortly, another visit cannot be far off.\""
"1501" "\"03/12/2007 40.69\""
"1502" "\"@Flexfokus1\""
"1503" "\"Give me the skinny on you guys. Where you’re from, where you live, where you went to school, your age, any data points that’ll make you more of a person and less random internet guy.\""
"1504" "\"Once we got the all clear that there was no infection her IV came out and we got to go home the next day. Driving out of the hospital parking lot with Julia in her car seat and Brian driving the car I started to cry. I was so happy. I never thought the day would come when we would be able to take a baby home with us. Brian cried too. It was one of those moments that I will never forget.\""
"1505" "\"Do you maintain a certain standard of living?\""
"1506" "\"16. “Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.” -C.S. Lewis\""
"1507" "\"I hate talking on the phone, but I get upset when it doesn't ring.\""
"1508" "\"At 40p a unit, the two packs would have to cost a minimum of £37.30.\""
"1509" "\"Much closer to home it has been nose drippingly cold. Air rushes west as Antarctica sighs out one last winter breath, cold, bringing rain to the coast and snow to the hills. The window on the mountain world - the snow cams - have been icing up invitingly, and the temperature stayed has stayed low. The weekend approaches, and local snow becomes a possibility, a probability and finally a plan. Excitement grows in the small people. Snow is frequent in their books, but to them is it also an unknown. It could just as well have been the dark side of the moon, known but unreachable. Snow ball fights, snow men, snow angels, sledge runs; a winter that actually looks like the ones in the important imported books.\""
"1510" "\"Tim: Do WHAT?\""
"1511" "\"Powell’s ranch-style house in Mandeville Canyon, Los Angeles, was used as the setting for the television show Hart to Hart. Robert Wagner, the actor who portrayed Jonathan Hart in the series, was a close friend of Powell’s. Dick Powell also was a major television player with his own production company, Four Star, owning several network shows.\""
"1512" "\"My friend Jon Binkley had suggested I stop at Zeitgeist, a biker/bike messenger bar on Valencia. Well, what the hell, I'm an affable guy, we went. It was a good time. Yeah, it's scruffy, but no one was rude, no one was pushy, none of the stuff the reviews at Yelp squealed about happened. Er...it was a Monday afternoon, of course. It was real nice out back in the outside area: old wood tables and benches, wild mural art, and a barbecue smoker going. We had a couple IPAs (Big Daddy and Racer 5), relaxed, and then headed up over the hill towards Suppenküche, the German place where we were supposed to meet Jon.\""
"1513" "\"Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Datuk V.K. Liew confirmed with The Malaysian Insider yesterday that the Act, often referred to as PAA2011, officially come into force on Monday.\""
"1514" "\"Matt: (Completely ignores my last statement) Why don’t you write about things you think about when you’re working out?\""
"1515" "\"1. Preheat oven at 350 oF\""
"1516" "\"Vosges Haut Chocolat has been the pioneer of combining creamy chocolates with sophisticated flavors like sweet curry, wasabi, and pumpkin seeds. If you're a foodie, you and your loved one will savor every bite of these unexpected flavored truffles. Pair Vosges chocolates with wine or cheese to spice things up even more. And an added bonus..Vosges’s signature packaging is so special that any gal would feel lucky to get their treasured purple box!\""
"1517" "\"12, 13 This is My commandment, that ye love one another, even as I have loved you. Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.\""
"1518" "\"INSPIRATIONAL VIDEO OF THE DAY:\""
"1519" "\"Remove from oven and cool for 10 minutes. Run knife around the outside to loosen the cheesecake, there isn't much, this should be a thin layer, and cool another 10 minutes before placing in the frig to fully set. Serve with whatever topping or sauce you like. Makes 6-10 pieces depending on how big you want them. We cut ours into eight pieces but 12 wouldn't hold up very well under the knife so I don't recommend you cutting sections that small.\""
"1520" "\"17 Don't Wanna Hang My Rock'N'Roll Shoes\""
"1521" "\"#5 Beauty and The Beast\""
"1522" "\"In 1820 Washington Irving, America's first short story writer, published \\"The Legend of Sleepy Hollow\\" a scary little Halloween story in his collection, The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent. \\"The Legend of Sleepy Hollow,\\" along with another story from the collection, \\"Rip Van Winkle,\\" is one of the oldest examples of American literature that is still read today. Set in post-Revolutionary America in the hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, near the Dutch-settled village of Tarry Town, New York, the story concerns Ichabod Crane, a tall, gawky, superstitious schoolmaster who is smitten with Katrina Van Tassel, the prettiest girl from the wealthiest family. Vying for her hand in marriage is the brawny Brom Bones.\""
"1523" "\"Peace is this warm breeze dotted by dew\""
"1524" "\"Say you think a project has gone off the rails; instead of simply showing everyone how smart you are by pointing out its flaws and revamping the timeline, jump in and help fix it.\""
"1525" "\"Breakfast: Special K Fruit Crisps (100 calories), Special K Snack bar (90 calories), Gatorade (130 calories)=320 calories\""
"1526" "\"But in all seriousness, I did spend quite a bit of time researching various virtual dissection options, before settling on Froguts.com as the one that works best for us. It is a subscription service, that costs $36.00 to $46.00 for a year, depending on whether you choose a CD, downloadable or online option. Considering that it allows for multiple students to complete (multiple times, if they wish) dissection labs for a starfish, frog, squid, cow eye, fetal pig, as well as a Mendelian pea and fruit fly genetics lessons, complete with section, and unit quizzes, at their own pace (I had to take the 50 question, squid quiz twice before I was happy with my score - but it really helped solidify what had been presented in the dissection activities), over the course of a year, it's not a bad price.\""
"1527" "\"In honor of Heather's accomplishment and our good fortune at being able to see inside her design procress, I'm hosting a giveaway of the ivory double dips featured on the cover of her book.\""
"1528" "\"Graham outlines a number of dystopian scenarios here, including one in which \\"swarms of tiny, armed drones, equipped with advanced sensors and communicating with each other, will thus be deployed to loiter permanently above the streets, deserts, and highways\\" of cities around the world, moving us toward a future where \\"militarized techniques of tracking and targeting must permanently colonize the city landscape and the spaces of everyday life.\\"\""
"1529" "\"In medium bowl, combine flours, sugar and salt. Stir in coconut oil with fork, or mix with fingers, till well distributed and clumps form. Stir in pecans and coconut. Set aside.\""
"1530" "\"Here again I find myself agreeing with Deirdre LeFaye: it’s a collaboration (see her Family Record). The text is just too sharp (adult) and adept in its pulling out of precisely the most memorable scenes of Pollexfen’s abduction of Harriet Bryon (Vol 1, letter 29); astute observations about human nature from Grandison on a few occasions (and scattered in the original text); strong lines (“I will not be bribed into liking your wit”); and funny ones of the type we find in her Juvenilia: to me who have read Grandison and written a chapter of my dissertation on this book, the best of these is his sister, Charlotte, Lady G, explaining why Sir Charles has hitherto not fallen in love or courted anyone: he hasn’t the time, “for he is constantly going from one place to another. But what for, we cannot tell”. There are lines from from Vol 4, Letters 14 & 15, Vol 6, Letter 43 — could a child get that far?\""
"1531" "\"Now, I live in Leamington Spa, in Warwickshire. An attractive town, but about as far away from the sea as you can get. I was about to say, not particularly inspiring, but then I realised that I have used bits of the town, the cafes, shops, the streets, the parks, river, houses, etc. etc. in my books. My latest, This Is Not Forgiveness, is set in a town very like it, not exactly the same, of course, I would find that too restricting, but not dissimilar. It's an unexceptional town, where ordinary people live, so if you are writing a book about ordinary people, I guess it helps to live and write about somewhere that is easily recognisable, ubiquitous even. That's what I tell myself, anyway.\""
"1532" "\"\\"It's like a village here, and everyone knows everyone else. People don't want anyone to know they're voting for the referendum,\\" Wohlwend said.\""
"1533" "\"against her fury\""
"1534" "\"Therefore, some activities that may raise a disclosure bar in the United States, such as offering an embodiment of the invention for sale, do not necessarily cause a problem in Canada unless the activity makes the invention available to the public. Similarly, there are activities that may pose a novelty problem in Canada but not in the U.S., such as a public use or sale outside the United States that results in the subject matter of the invention becoming available to the public.\""
"1535" "\"Chris's mom expected him to study hard, go to college, be a doctor or a lawyer. I tease him that he didn't become a lawyer; he married one instead. His partner, Bill, is an attorney in Washington, DC, and if that wasn't scary enough to me, he's also white. And Republican. Yikes! White Men in Suits! Republicans in DC! I was prepared not to like him very much, but, as it so often goes with our narrow-minded stereotypes, I had to completely change my mind as soon as I met Bill. He's a totally nice guy, funny and charming, completely supportive of Chris and his work in the way that makes you believe the whole leftt-brained needs right-brained way: I think sometimes people with really left-brained kinds of careers really benefit when they have someone whose work is at the other end of the spectrum. It's kind of simplistic to put it that way, but if you're spending your days around people who are maybe kind of analytical in their approach to things, I think it's got to be so calming to come home to another kind of thinking. And vice versa, of course. Their home is filled with wonderful art--it's like a gallery, and you keep seeing things you missed the first time around.\""
"1536" "\"9. The Youth Ahead - It's Not Me\""
"1537" "\"Conformity and stating the fucking obvious was never part of my game\""
"1538" "\"Quietly connecting\""
"1539" "\"I was last in line, and since we hadn’t had a “plan” for this, I was momentarily unsure as to what to do.\""
"1540" "\"He gets up on the exam table and starts to get worried. The very nice nurse tells him to squeeze my hands with his. Ouch! Strong kid, but that's fine. And then she says, \\"OK, all done!\\" And he says, \\"Really?\\"\""
"1541" "\"I am not sure if any will hatch or not, but since a tornado destroyed our chick pens last summer, I have taken the precaution of buying all the pieces to build a new one. I had a great time quizzing clerks at the home improvement store about the correct number and type of PVC fittings to create a particular structure. Others were brought in to help me calculate the amount of chicken wire needed to cover said structure. Surely, I was not the weirdest person they encountered that day. (I can hope, can’t I?)\""
"1542" "\"An overfamiliar embrace\""
"1543" "\"In fact today, whilst discussing the subject and really clutching at straws, I had to admit to a girlfriend that I recently looked down during a really steamy moment and wondered why I appeared to have bows and ribbons hanging from my arse.\""
"1544" "\"Robert Rauschenberg\""
"1545" "\"Android OS. Will lead the installed base forecast, driven by its ability to straddle both the high and the low price points in the market.\""
"1546" "\"Got a small list of phrases that I’m sure will get you in tons of trouble with a police officer if you get pulled over! I’m sure if you catch a nice officer these would really be hilarious though!\""
"1547" "\"Pluto’s Dog House\""
"1548" "\"CRUSH THEIR BUTTS\""
"1549" "\"16. Crowd Noise\""
"1550" "\"advantages within the\""
"1551" "\"Monday morning saw the MoS heading back to work and me back to my apartment, where the cats gave me a talking to about leaving them on their own for 3 1/2 days. I think Lila was telling me about all the fun she had, and Pips gave me hell for not being around to scratch her neck and make my lap available when she required it!\""
"1552" "\"I admit, though, I did allow myself to slow down a little bit. The distance between the mile 3 marker and the mile 5 marker seemed to take forever. At that point you're running straight lines along the sides of major roads. Boring! I was mentally struggling at this point. I thought about when Robert from the running group paced me at my last race. I pretended he was next to me, encouraging me like last time. I thought about the text message that Lindsay sent me on Friday. She knew I could do this. I thought about writing this report and knew I wanted a good time to put in it. So, I kept moving.\""
"1553" "\"Sam Bush, Sheryl Crow, Buddy Miller and Billy Bob Thornton are some of the special guests who will appear at the Americana Music Festival and Conference Kickoff event, Levon Helm's Ramble at the Road on Wednesday September 17 at 7PM in Nashville, TN. If you haven’t already bought your tickets... Get your booty onto Ticketmaster.com and get you some!\""
"1554" "\"Row 6: sc2tog, sc in next 4 sc, sc2tog, ch 1, turn (6).\""
"1555" "\"A great event with something for everyone this Sunday in Crown Heights from Seeds in the Middle. If you're a restaurant/food service owner (or otherwise work in the industry), they're still looking for donations to feed the kids, and every little bit helps.\""
"1556" "\"Cut to the apartment of college student Dana (Kristen Connolly), a cutesy redhead packing for a weekend trip to the countryside. We soon meet the rest of the participants: Jules (Anna Hutchison), the hot blonde; Curt (Chris Hemsworth), the super jock; Holden (Jesse Williams), the brains; and Marty (Fran Kranz), the pot-smoking idiot. CABIN displays its cleverness in a lot of subtle ways, like how the super jock isn’t a doucebag or an idiot, or the virgin isn’t really a virgin, or the nerd isn’t a dork or geek. What we’ve got is a group of college kids that feel like actual kids, and not types.\""
"1557" "\"Otherwise how did she end up going to the US without checking on anything anymore? YG is tangled up in this weird and stupid riot on board of the cutter. And of course they end up in Mexico.\""
"1558" "\"Holy cow. What a whirlwind of a week. Because I'm a hardcore procrastinator, I ended up staying up way too late for my little self pretty much all week trying to finish up all the birthday party stuff. Hence my lack of blogging the last few days. Three days in a row without a blog post. I'm pretty sure that hasn't happened in quite some time. No worries, I've got some catch up to do, so I'm sure I'll make up for it with my post count in the upcoming days.\""
"1559" "\"Mobile phones are now the new fashion accessory. The marketing and advertising industry has influenced how people perceive their mobile phones. This is to adapt to the changing demands of modern life and to draw in new users from different generations. iPhone for example, a mobile brand from the company Apple Inc., is making a big sale in the worldwide market.\""
"1560" "\"Ice sheets covered the sidewalks making the task of walking harder than it should have been. Belinda barely felt the chill as walked the few blocks down towards the bus stop. The smell from the fresh baked goods, courtesy of the bakery across the street, floated gently on winter winds, wafting around her body and settling into her nostrils. Her stomach rumbled loudly and a passerby stopped to stare at her as he walked by. She could have sworn that you could hear the knots in her stomach form. Belinda hated it when people stared at her. Every time she left the house lately she’d been getting more and more anxious. It felt like more and more people stopped to gawk at her lately. She could feel their eyes upon her skin and it gave her the heebie jeebies. Belinda wished she would have remembered to eat breakfast this morning. Then maybe that stranger wouldn’t be staring at her right now. Forgetting about the stranger and focusing in on her hunger pang, she was absolutely ravenous suddenly. Belinda tried to recall the last time she had ate something and came up blank. She still had five minutes to spare before the bus came. Belinda let her stomach guide her to the closest morsels of food. Following her nose across the street to the bakery while she convinced herself she had the time and wouldn’t miss the bus if she stopped and ate. Soon she found herself sitting in a corner by herself and ignored life for a few moments while she got lost in her coffee and bagel. Her hunger successfully sedated for the time being she felt better. Belinda grabbed up her book bag and slurped down the last drips of coffee before heading back on track to catch the bus.\""
"1561" "\"-Anonymous\""
"1562" "\"Thanks for dropping by.\""
"1563" "\"The core problem is that scientific research was necessary, but not sufficient, to create today’s industrial societies. Cheap abundant energy was also necessary, and was arguably the key factor. In a very real sense, the role of science from the middle years of the nineteenth century on was basically figuring out new ways to use the torrents of energy that came surging out of wells and mines to power history’s most extravagant boom. Lacking all that energy, the technological revolutions of the last few centuries very likely wouldn’t have happened at all; the steam turbine, remember, was known to the Romans, who did nothing with it because all the fuel they knew about was committed to other uses. Since the sources of fuel we’ll have after fossil fuels finish depleting are pretty much the same as the ones the Romans had, and we can also expect plenty of pressing needs for the energy sources that remain, it takes an essentially religious faith in the inevitability of progress to believe that another wave of technological innovation is right around the corner.\""
"1564" "\"It's made me think about where everything is, should I need to get them out in an emergency, because fire is something that can strike anytime and anywhere.\""
"1565" "\"I've been curious about dyeing fabric. In the past I've had unsatisfactory results with RIT dye. The colors are weak and drab, and the pigments stain in every subsequent wash. Seeing Lucie Summers's recent post in which she overdyed her new collection of prints with Moda Fabrics, Summersville, my enthusiasm for hand dyeing was renewed.\""
"1566" "\"So. Our nuclear bomb.\""
"1567" "\"The gameplay is fun, the graphics are outstanding, the storylines are almost all stellar, and the game continues to get better as more features are added with each patch. If you have never played World of Warcraft or another MMORPG it may take some getting used to, but if you have, you can pretty capably jump right in and enjoy it from the get go. You might not ever run into Princess Leia needing your help, but as far as science fiction MMORPGs go this is pretty much the only option worth your time. Star Wars fans will enjoy it. If you don’t like Star Wars, you won’t. It is as simple as that.\""
"1568" "\"We had started our retreat by driving through rural N.C. to arrive at Keith Clement’s Farm. Mr. Clement welcomed us with warm hospitality and helped start our amazing youth retreat. After setting up tents and taking a nature hike, we all walked over to a hillock overlooking a vast field. We stood up there together singing, praying, reading, and having fun. We read many passages such as Psalm 134-135 & John 16:1-15, which were very inspiring, until the sun was finally engulfed by the horizon. We walked back to the camp and finished up with cooking hotdogs and playing Grog (a very fun, yet terrifying game).\""
"1569" "\"WE PLEDGE TO KEEP IT WEIRD AND BRING SOME MUFFINS TO YOUR EAR CAKES SOON!\""
"1570" "\"Each year we begin with the same materials:\""
"1571" "\"Will anyone like me?\""
"1572" "\"I tried to keep it simple and stylish--my ode to the ultra-chic Kate Middleton.\""
"1573" "\"words and creations all the time. You can find her lovely\""
"1574" "\"That is why I say I am both blessed and cursed with her as a beta reader. Most people have betas that read like me, if I can see what the writer is trying to say I keep reading. I've read books that were absolute trash, but clearly written trash. In some ways that helps me critique people's books as I will look for minor things to improve on, but just because I read a book doesn't mean its any good.\""
"1575" "\"another says: ive got the smallest head of the world! last one says: I’ve\""
"1576" "\"(Rose’s Note: This is a true story.)\""
"1577" "\"I’ve seen one of Carnahan’s previous films, the solid, if generally by-the-numbers, cop drama Narc, and don’t quite understand how he got from point A to point B. But at least Ray Liotta’s getting work again. Right? Right?\""
"1578" "\"He watched her walk away with an apologetic smile. she was not repulsed by the scar that ran from his lift eyebrow, curved away from his cheek and jagged back to his chin? she wasn’t afraid?\""
"1579" "\"2 tablespoons oyster sauce\""
"1580" "\"You cannot harm me\""
"1581" "\"its daytime melody\""
"1582" "\"I also have to post this picture of one with really big eyes on the right(my first one I made). I am laughing as I type this!!! Lee looked at it and said \\"What is this? Spiderman's LUNGS!\\" I about fell on the floor laughing! Lee is so funny! And let's face it they look like lungs!\""
"1583" "\"Excellent caregivers will take the initiative to look for ways to improve the life of their client. It’s not enough to just provide the minimum care for a client. These caregivers go above and beyond to make a connection with their client in order to provide outstanding care.\""
"1584" "\"Reading your latest, I somehow got the idea to introduce you to T. D. Weldon's little book on The Vocabulary of Politics, first published by Penguin in 1953. He makes a distinction I've found very useful and I bet you will too.\""
"1585" "\"E-zine copyright Christian Miles, 2009\""
"1586" "\"Rock On is as much about the confusion of early seventies Britain as it is with the hardness and desperate Gaumont pop of the pre-Beatles era. Everything that Bowie's Pin-Ups struggled to get across - a nervous farewell-cum-tribute to the early rock era, clothed in the gladrags of '73 - was encapsulated in Rock On's three and a half minutes. \\"Where do we go from here? Which is the way that's clear?\\"\""
"1587" "\"Today’s Reading – 2 Samuel 19-21\""
"1588" "\"Personal injury, whether caused by a motoring accident or otherwise, will continue to happen and the victim will still need good legal representation to make the claim for compensation. For a large number of law firms, following a ban on referral fees, the problem of visibility to potential clients will become an even more serious problem unless they develop their profile on the web and other media to put their expertise and services before the potential client. Most people do not routinely have a ‘family solicitor’ and may well have had no cause to consult a solicitor before an accident happens. When an injury occurs they will, inevitably, seek advice on a local solicitor or search google. Some larger law firms and the new breed of legal services provider will have the budgets for television and other media advertising and will dominate the media, however most may not even get a nibble if they aren’t on the first page of google?\""
"1589" "\"The 75% dark chocolate bars are made from sustainably-grown, Rainforest Alliance-approved cocoa beans from the Ecuadorian Rainforest. Velvety ganaches are made with cream and butter sourced from Ronnybrook's local, grass-fed dairy cows. And wafers, tiles, and clusters—products names, those are—have decadent ingredients like roasted nuts, Cognac, Earl Grey tea, and pink peppercorns. So good are these products, you can eat them for breakfast. (Repeat: you can now eat chocolate for breakfast.)\""
"1590" "\"In the near future, with structural risks that cannot be fully mitigated, uncertain cost savings, and a multitude of components to manage (people, process, and knowledge), outsourcing will likely lose luster for large organizations.\""
"1591" "\"So, note to self and anyone who reads this: just don't buy Motorola. I think I'm going to upgrade to a Samsung Galaxy, I'm just going to try to hold out until I get to the T-mo upgrade period (early November for me.) I'm not that pleased with T-mo's customer service on this issue either but 1) I didn't buy the phone from them and 2) they have no impact on Motorola's crap service policy.\""
"1592" "\"From now til haying begins in June Daryl will be incorporating farming amongst his trucking.\""
"1593" "\"Treats from the boulangerie\""
"1594" "\"A loyal and wise reader hooked me up with THIS LINK to an LA Times article about the popularity of both teams and venues for LA based sports. The Dallas-based research firm that exists solely to help advertisers figure out where to spend their money relayed some really interesting results. The article is mostly about how last year the Dodgers slipped to the 4th most popular team in Los Angeles even though Dodger Stadium remained the top venue.\""
"1595" "\"Curry leaves-10,finely chopped\""
"1596" "\"Broken Flowers\""
"1597" "\"In its publicity the National has described Danton’s Death as “the greatest political tragedy ever written.” There is an element of hyperbole here, in that such plays as Julius Caesar and Macbeth stand in the same pantheon, but it’s one that I’m not uncomfortable with. It has a sweep, a romantic and tragic grandeur that in some ways exceeds Shakespeare, looking forward to the great political and ideological contests of the modern age. That’s the first thing that struck me when I read it – how modern if felt.\""
"1598" "\"Not two hours later on our patio appeared this gorgeous Eastern Milk Snake. It only measured about 12 inches probably, but reared it's head and followed our every move. This time, I was lucky enough to get my camera in time. By the way, as threatening as he may look, this species of New York snake is harmless. He is seeking rodents and likes to eat other snakes. I must admit, however, if I had been alone I would have probably fainted if I saw this moving around.\""
"1599" "\"You can read the reviews there, and if after reading the reviews the reviewers have not convinced you to buy the book, I am going to demand that all the money I paid to those sons of bitches be returned.\""
"1600" "\"Sean has been talking about taking the family hiking on the Old Rag mountains for a few months now, and I, of course, have been stalling. It’s not that I don’t like hiking, I love it, but on the plain surface, by a beautiful river or through the woods. Not any more labor intensive than that! But spring break came around and this guy went berserk on me. Things got so bad that he would dream of Old Rag and scream ‘Old Rag Mountain, here we come’ in his dreams. No, that didn’t happen, I am exaggerating a bit!\""
"1601" "\"here inside my heart.\""
"1602" "\"On Friday I had a heavy day. I actually started blogging then, but got tired and went to bed instead. I am not sure what the source of the heaviness was, but it was probably a combination of things. Someone I care about deeply sent me a text message asking me about the night terrors I used to have, and what I did about them. She is my sister, and she is about the same age now as I was when I was having them. We talked on the phone a little bit and I listened to the things that she was experiencing, and gave her the advice she was looking for. Then I had not one, but two counseling appointments. The first involved me talking about what is important to me – what gives me a sense of identity – and going through the most painful of my symptoms to assess which areas would be most beneficial to me to receive help in. The second involved lengthy discussions and dissections of family patterns, and I left that feeling loopy. By the time I got home I was in a full-blown rage, shutting out the world.\""
"1603" "\"So we saw lots of princesses, pirates, mermaids, ghosts, dragons and fairies - and girl gangs. Or teams, as publishers prefer to call them. The first person we met at the Fair on Monday was a pretty dark-haired young woman in a red vaguely medieval outfit, handing out dagger-shaped bookmarks to publicise a book called Graceling by Kristin Cashore. She was soon joined by a Daniel Radcliffe lookalike in a black velvet cloak and a knight in armour.\""
"1604" "\"Full results from Rieti can be found here. The weekend action will continue in full force tomorrow with the ISTAF meeting in Berlin. In the meantime enjoy Rudisha’s sterling run.\""
"1605" "\"Hi to all the Cutie Pies this morning, you know who you are!\""
"1606" "\"Richard Crenna (The Flamingo Kid)\""
"1607" "\"-interesting (of course!)\""
"1608" "\"I am happy. But I am also human and sometimes people, life, loss, grief, sadness, stress, insomnia, full powerful moons and just general life circumstances get to me. Sad happens but after sad comes the emotion many people judge the harshest but that I view as a necessary step to healing.\""
"1609" "\"\\"Flamenco is life...it is like an injection of morale that lifts the spirit, so that one can go on living.\\"\""
"1610" "\"Iron Lion\""
"1611" "\"If last night was an example, the Atlantic Yards documentary Battle of Brooklyn is sure to spark a lot of discussion. A screening of just a half-hour of the film-in-progress was held last night at New York University’s Cantor Center, and the audience—a mix of those interested in Atlantic Yards, eminent domain, and film—had a lot of questions for the panel set up afterwards.\""
"1612" "\"Now, I have some friends and family who are not sure about Christianity. I even have some that outright don't believe. And while I would take issue with that on any day, I will say this: The principals of \\"fathering\\" presented in this movie apply whether you are a Jesus following Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, atheist, or agnostic or anything else. This movie lays out the responsibilities of fathering. And whether or not you turn to the Bible for guidance, the fundamental responsibilities of being a father apply. Don't take it lightly.\""
"1613" "\"I know of individuals who have been unable to leave their homes for work, recreation or appointments.. for the mere fact that they cannot board any cab or regular van with their power wheelchair. They were completely dependent on the 'sub-service' (access-a-bus) provided by the metro transit. Luckily my clients actually physically can take taxis, but how long the budget can 'take taxis' is another matter.\""
"1614" "\"This is a great cast and there are certainly laughs to be had in the pilot – I especially liked the team trying to figure out ways to stop the VP’s ‘retard’ gaffe getting on the front page: “What if Tom Hanks dies?!” – but I simply need to spend more time with the series. HBO doesn’t give you easy-to-digest comedies; they give you series that take more time to work out. Take the series that occupied this timeslot last week, Eastbound & Down – it was a comedy series I was initially put off by but the more time I put into understanding that world and getting to know those characters the more I got out of it because I better understood what the show was trying to do. This is, of course, rather obvious stuff – certain comedy voices take more time to understand than others – but that’s how I feel about Veep; this is a clever comedy but it’s one that needs more time before I completely give myself over to its way of thinking.\""
"1615" "\"Radio Radio still sound like their biggest hip-hop influence is Beck. But if that’s true, then this is their Odelay, a scattershot pop pastiche that pulls in smooth even blues. There’s precious little that most hip-hop fans would recognize—but that works in Radio Radio’s favour, as they’re clearly not trying to play anyone’s game but their own. But is that game any fun? For every wildly\""
"1616" "\"Military intervention may or may not be the right idea, but people supporting KONY 2012 probably don’t realize they’re helping fund the Ugandan military who are themselves raping and looting away. If people know this and still support Invisible Children because they feel it’s the best solution based on their knowledge and research, I have no issue with that. But I don’t think most people are in that position, and that’s a problem.\""
"1617" "\"03 - This Night\""
"1618" "\"Referred to the style, a traditional party dress with a crinoline is a wonderful choice for a wedding of almost any level of formality. And the ideal length for that little gown is below the knee or tea length. Never choose the floor length as it looks like a miniature bride and is really creepy rather than cute! Also there are no dresses for little girl that are too tight or even remotely sexy. The little girls at wedding, in particular, are usually on the side of being more conservative and traditional.\""
"1619" "\"-Kim\""
"1620" "\"Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat ... ABC Family ... 7 PM\""
"1621" "\"I gotta get me some more of this beer! That was one HELL of a beer moment.\""
"1622" "\"In third, is “How Will I Know” from her debut album. I loved the a cappella version sung by some of the better singers within the cast. This harmony then lead us straight into the story about how Whitney Houston becomes New Direction’s mission this week. They are weeks away from graduation and the kids were still hung up over the death of Whitney. It reminded Emma about how heartbroken she was over Princess Diana’s death when she was young and so Will thought it would be therapeutic and thought-provoking for his kids to sing about Whitney.\""
"1623" "\"That mere glance of the evil, lust, and demon-possession I saw in the eyes of the actors displayed on that poster in Wal-Mart gave me a sense of spiritual oppression. I am so angry and grieved at the believers who watch these movies from Hell and, even worse, place the DVDs in the hands of their children. I could literally scream! We know God's Word, we know that this wickedness is condemned by God. Why, oh why? Why have you compromised and allowed your children to see this great evil? You might as well throw your children into the pagan fires of Molech! \\"There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch, Or a charmer, or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer. For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD\\" (Deut. 18:11-12).\""
"1624" "\"Me: OK. I give up trying to scare you. You're UNSCARABLE.\""
"1625" "\"river\""
"1626" "\"Sadly, our human intelligence and the creations and inventions resulting from such intelligence, was what has in fact led to the deteriorating state of our health and the very destruction of our world, our planet and reality. We have been engulfed in our own human miscreation. The disintegration of the earth and all its life forms is a result of the melting down of our individual selves, the breaking down of the different parts of who we are, and the breaking away of the self from other selves and of the self from Spirit.\""
"1627" "\"and I decided to join her...\""
"1628" "\"Motocicleta. Motorad. Moto. While the word motorcycle may be spelled or pronounced differently by female riders around the globe, the emotions and empowerment they share when they twist the throttle of their own motorcycle is universal. More and more women from all walks of life are getting in the saddle of their own motorcycles and grabbing life by the handlebars, and Harley-Davidson is their brand of choice. Harley-Davidson is the number one market share leader among women, selling more new motorcycles to women than any other motorcycle manufacturer.\""
"1629" "\"I guess that as they snapped up more and more land, the zoo became the reluctant owners of this Grade II listed building, sitting slap bang in the midst of their purchase. I could be completely wrong, but I get the impression that the zoo feel a little 'saddled' with this sideline into ancient religious buildings, and would like nothing more that to build an Ostrich birthing pool or suchlike in its place. I can certainly feel some resentment oozing from the plaque in front of the church which reads:\""
"1630" "\"Suddenly cold, she pulled at the arms of the sweatshirt still tied around her waist. It fell to the sand. Bending to pick it up, she once again saw a blur of movement, except this time it came from a rocky outcrop by the waves. She shook the sand out of the sweatshirt and hurriedly tugged it over her head.\""
"1631" "\"- February 3, 2012, LDM. Photos by Mrs. Safonova.\""
"1632" "\"The whole process was pretty hellish and the result? Ooft! I look like I've got something wrong with me. Well, I probably have lots of things wrong with me but never before has it seemed so apparent.\""
"1633" "\"A police officer who does not know what the word “consent” means is just about the most frightening thing I can imagine when dealing with these officers of the corporate code. A whole United States military and police department without such knowledge, and the true nature of our society comes rushing in.\""
"1634" "\"“Are you okay?”\""
"1635" "\"That’s my recipe for the week. If you made a vegan recipe and would like to share be sure to link up below. Happy Friday!\""
"1636" "\"I had a great day, though. We've been taking care of our neighbors' pets over the holiday, and they let Jesse's mom stay at their house while she was here. I went over early this morning to let the dogs out and make their bed, and was there when they came home, hours earlier than expected. I'd actually dreamed that they got home early, so it was a little eerie when they drove up. The girls had missed their daughter something fierce, and the three of them were inseparable for the remainder of the day.\""
"1637" "\"No matter how much it hurts you, or makes you cry\""
"1638" "\"However, each day is a gift of extra life...... a bonus.\""
"1639" "\"But then, I didn't really have time to stick around for a Q&A, because I was off to Kirby Dick's (THIS FILM IS NOT YET RATED, TWIST OF FAITH) new film, THE INVISIBLE WAR. Right to the point, it's about rape in the military. And Kirby gets right in there and interviews the victims, bringing painful personal stories to light. And he backs it up with statistics, all of which come from government reports. About 20% of women serving in the military have been assaulted at some time (a smaller percentage, but larger total number of men are also assaulted.) New recruits into the military are twice as likely to have committed or attempted rape than the corresponding demographics in the civilian population. And most upsetting is how rarely anything is done about it. Since you don't report to an outside police force but to your chain of command, often the victim has to report the assault to either a friend of her attacker or sometimes (bizarrely) to her attacker himself--and then he gets to decide whether to investigate.\""
"1640" "\"and here's my interpretation ofher sketch, using Dreamweaver's Asian \\"Love\\" stencil as my sentiment, with glossy blue embossing paste and Navajo Sky Metallic FX. First, stamped the Impression Obsession image with clear embossing powder on glossy cardstock, then dipped it onto a Non Stick Craft Sheet which I'd sprayed with blue and green Ecoline Inks mixed with water and Winsor and Newton Iridescent Medium mixed in a Ranger Mini Mister. Then I paste embossed the stencil with the blue glossy embossing paste (again on glossy cardstock), removed the stencil, let it dry, then repositioned it and pounced Metallic FX over dabbed-on glue. I really like the sheen that the Metallic FX gives over the blue glossy paste. I cut that with a Spellbinders plain circle die, then mounted it over a blue panel cut with the same die, and white cardstock cut with a Spellbinders Lacey Circles die. I used some gold peel-offs for the corner embellishments. This card is in the post, along with a hand crafted Christmas present, to a long time, dear lady friend, who loves blue and white!\""
"1641" "\"Note: Before digging out the cache - please ensure you are not seen by \\"muggles\\" - the non-geocaching community!\""
"1642" "\"Mocknick: The covers pitching, submissions, phone calls, contract negotiations (in the event of a sale) and all aspects of representation.\""
"1643" "\"Actually, with outlining, I think more usually is better, because it means more detail, and thus less time spent worrying about plot developments when you're trying to write rounded characters. But there's more to it than that.\""
"1644" "\"To fail to follow this. Simply falling behind. Doing this, well… Something programmed us to see this as a bad thing. How can we even fucking think for ourselves? If we do, we’re an outcast.\""
"1645" "\"See my other update from earlier this evening (4/25/2012) for the full update:\""
"1646" "\"Lay out each crescent roll. Add a couple of pepperoni circles and a couple cubes of cheese to each roll. I usually do about 4-5 of each. Roll up the crescent roll (making sure that it's sealed everywhere) and bake as directed on the crescent roll container.\""
"1647" "\"This afternoon's Bad Idea of the Day has been announced, with Yahoo News reporting that Spirit Airlines will \\"charge as much as $45 each way\\" for carry-on baggage. The charge is in addition to the fees passengers pay for checked bags (between $15 and $100 per bag, depending on the circumstance).\""
"1648" "\"It’s been 70 years since Sameshima attended USC, and he has longed for this day. But his wife and daughter didn’t live long enough to see it.\""
"1649" "\"Other than the movie, I have no additional plans for the day. It's cold and snowing right now, so perhaps I'll have a little nap. Naps are good.\""
"1650" "\"Distribute a press release\""
"1651" "\"The Whimsy Stamps DT and Special Guests have been previewing these beautiful stamps for the past 2 days, and today we are celebrating their release with a BLOG HOP!\""
"1652" "\"You definitely do (or try to do) everything that Brylee is doing and it goes well most of the time. You sleep from 730 at night to 7:30 in the morning and you take one nap during the day. You are a very good eater....you will eat anything. You are still drinking soy milk and you will do that for a while since you are allergic to regular milk.\""
"1653" "\"I received either a compliment or an insult today, and I'm not sure which it was.\""
"1654" "\"All I know is that I will cradle myself\""
"1655" "\"A: thank my nominator and provide a link to their blog.\""
"1656" "\"The whole passage from Ovid is of great anthropological interest:\""
"1657" "\"The Lord is my shepherd;\""
"1658" "\"I think it’s probably a combination. The economy could be driving people to order from the counterfeit websites with the hope that they will get “the dress” they want for much less. Our employees are reporting that they are talking to many customers on the phone and in the store who are either planning to order from a knock off site or already have and couldn’t wear the dress they were shipped,” according to sources.\""
"1659" "\"On a beautiful Saturday afternoon at one of my favorite Mexican restaurants Peso’s Mexican Cantina, I was able to meet with the very eccentric Londyn Lyná. Meeting her I was able to see the fun loving spirit within her; I even got her to do her British accent!! This 24 year old artist representing Atlanta, GA is the most down to earth person that you will ever meet. Not only does she sing but she also plays the piano and clarinet. Her background in music is derived from a spiritual one, she is also inspired and reflective of Erykah Badu, Amy Winehouse, Sade, Ella Fitzgerald, and Count Basie just to name a few. “I love composer and pianist Richard Smallwood, I like a lot of old jazz. I make classical music with a contemporary sound.” When I asked Ms. Lyná what type of people she surrounds herself with she responded, “I surround myself with people like myself. I realize all of my friends that I hang around talk about music all day. All we do is music and that’s all that matters.”\""
"1660" "\"Update 2/28/2012\""
"1661" "\"Edited to add: I'm going to dedicate Mondays to my healthy living update. Monday is the day I weigh in for Weight Watchers. I have friends dedicating themselves to healthy living- some through WW, some on their own. I'd love it if we can check in together each Monday and share successes, challenges, and so on as we feel comfortable. We're all going to crap together! Wait, that sounds wrong...\""
"1662" "\"Don’t judge a book by its cover.\""
"1663" "\"I love sweets.\""
"1664" "\"Beer, not so much. For one thing, style variation is tremendous. Is there any product with such an expansive range of flavors? But even within styles, tastes are usually pretty easy to distinguish. Put five IPAs in a blind flight and have people taste them, and they'll be able to tell the difference. In beer, blind tasting is heartening for this reason. Unlike wine, the flavors are different enough that even a rank novice would be able to tell. (And trying to conceal a stout among them--good luck with that.) Not every style is as easy, but I don't think anyone would argue that beer is a lot more obvious than wine.\""
"1665" "\"\\"Maybe they were having an off night...\\"\""
"1666" "\"Turtles don’t get lost.\""
"1667" "\"To cook. Place bag ingredients in slow cooker and cook on low for 6-8 hours. Turn slow cooker to High, add milk/flour and mix well. Cover and cook additional 30 minutes or until soup thickens.\""
"1668" "\"Possibly McDonald’s.\""
"1669" "\"“Dora? Where are we?” Gently, Rel touched her shoulder.\""
"1670" "\"Papers, presentations, reports and workshops are invited on issues on or broadly related to any of the following themes:\""
"1671" "\"When I worked at Starbucks I bought a pair of khaki shorts to augment my summer work wardrobe. The dress code there required black or khaki bottoms and I found a pair for 10 bucks at Nordstrom Rack and when I tried them on in the dressing room I shrugged and thought, \\"Well, they're not the worst shorts in the world.\\"\""
"1672" "\"Because the heartache of burying a baby is beyond words.\""
"1673" "\"I had to straighten and move things to make room for it. Which made alley's and tunnels for bunnies to run and hide. Dammit and Betty had a fine time making plans that first night.\""
"1674" "\"I received a notification from a group I sometimes attend. A woman, who I didn’t really know, lost her son in a suicide bombing in Afghanistan.\""
"1675" "\"Here is a glance of what you might find in your Rack Jr.\""
"1676" "\"My mother would rant and rail against the Georgia clay ground into my clothes on my adventures with Phillip. “Stay out of that creek!” she would shout, though we both knew it was for not. Before there was Phillip I had hosted tea parties and taught school with a legion of stuffed animals. I can’t imagine now what I had to offer him, though he would take a place at the tea table on occasion. Besides the creek and all it had to offer he tutored me in kick ball and won us a place in a pack of older kids who roamed the neighborhood.\""
"1677" "\"22.What is your most treasured possession?\""
"1678" "\"Happy Wednesday everyone! It's Julie coming to you from the Colorado Rocky Mountains. I am your hostess for the week. I want to thank everyone who participated in our challenge last week. We so enjoy visiting your blogs and galleries and seeing all your fabulous creations. We are very excited to see what you come up with this week.\""
"1679" "\"Annette Bening (American Beauty)\""
"1680" "\"Hello and happy Friday abode lovers! I am SO excited for the weekend! I am going to Atlanta with childhood friends to see a new, sweet baby boy that has joined our quickly growing group! We will be swapping gifts and I can't wait to share about that Monday! Anyway, until then, I thought I would share with you my latest and greatest pins from the most spectacular thing since sliced bread, (or as one of my best friends says, 'the best thing since the internet!') Pinterest. If you haven't drunk the Pinterest kool-aid you have no idea what you're missing...\""
"1681" "\"How long will it be before the chipping of dogs is hailed as a success in curbing canine crime? We have recently had the absurd spectacle of a dog owner being prosecuted for letting her dog foul the pavement, with the evidence against her being the DNA extracted from the dog fæces! It will surely become mandatory for the dogs' DNA to be logged on the database linked to the microchip. The 'success' of DNA evidence will inevitably be used to justify recording the DNA of all people living in the UK, and of course, will be included in the mandatory ID Cards which we are soon to be forced to have (and pay for ourselves). ID Cards can be lost, so surely it will be logical for ID Cards to be replaced by microchips.\""
"1682" "\"Above: For a Life Magazine article in 1951, Austen was reunited with her tattered old home.\""
"1683" "\"A short stroll from John’s workplace, Dublin Bus driver Sean is taking a break from his early shift. He is not a fan of the nightwear to the welfare brigade.\""
"1684" "\"Now let me preface this by saying I always cheat at things like this and never follow the rules! :)\""
"1685" "\"And while Turton didn’t write this fact -- other research published on Sept 9 2008, by top investigative journalist Louise Flanagan of The Star newspaper, also showed that the water treatment plants across the country were so badly run by unqualified and often nearly illiterate personnel, that the Water Research Commission has had to resort to drawing up a very basic, cartoon-like manual to teach operators with symbols instead of in writing, how to make their drinking water safer.\""
"1686" "\"The space is quite comfortable--and had already attracted a pretty good crowd when we visited a little over a week ago. The front of the pub curls around a groovy bar, and there are open spaces in the back festooned with large, flat-screen TVs (tuned to a Bears game when I was there). They both suit the sports fan but remain comfortably out of the way for non-fans. At the end of the review, I'll copy in a minute of footage I shot at the pub so you can get a sense of the space.\""
"1687" "\"In no way, shape or form can I do justice to the life and times of Peter Tosh within the confines of a blog post. I would never even attempt to try. Its too daunting a task. Instead I turn to the the brilliant documentary 'Stepping Razor Red X - The Peter Tosh Story' directed by Nicholas Campbell and released in 1993 to tell the story. In fact, the power of the documentary is that it is told through Tosh's own words which he kept in a series of cassette tapes he recorded that were discovered after his death. (read a New York Times review of the film which helps put the documentary into context). The film succeeds in providing a detailed look at Tosh that is distinct and separate from the role he played in founding The Wailers and further helps to portray him as a separate musical personality with political and social viewpoints which clashed with that of the Jamaican establishment and government.\""
"1688" "\"– Saito Sanki\""
"1689" "\"“Buddy, I don’t know what is going on but you need to show me.”\""
"1690" "\"The nuclear club is only going to get bigger. This is unstoppable. If the human race does not learn respect at least at the international level then nuclear war and the devastation that it brings is inevitable.\""
"1691" "\"While the link between calcium and weight loss is still feeble (in some studies it promotes greater weight loss, in others it’s a wash), it turns out that milk may really do a body good when it comes to belly fat. A 2010 study by researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham found that, among a group of more than 100 premenopausal women, fat was significantly reduced in those who consumed the most calcium-rich foods. In fact, for every 100 milligrams of calcium they consumed per day (that’s 1/2 cup of soft-serve frozen yogurt), they lost an inch of intra-abdominal fat—that’s the really bad stuff tucked in and around your internal organs that has been linked to higher rates of heart disease and cancer. Like magnesium, calcium can also help you sleep if you tend to be awakened by muscle soreness or cramps—the mineral, along with calcium, helps relax muscle nerves and fibers. How to get your dose: Dairy works, but there are other ways to get your calcium in as well, such as sardines, fortified orange juice, tofu, and dark leafy greens like kale and spinach.\""
"1692" "\"Level 18: MP Cost: 12, Damage: 330%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.\""
"1693" "\"What are the classic items that you can add to your wardrobe that will never go out of style? What are timeless pieces that add style and class after fashion fades? That’s right…it’s time to talk about another essential piece you should add to your wardrobe. The clutch. I just LOVE clutches and can’t get enough of them! What’s that you say? You’re afraid to add a clutch to your wardrobe because you’ll lay it down somewhere and then forget it? Never fear…there are a lot of clutches these days that are made in the wristlet style, so they have a strap to wear around your wrist. Problem solved! Now you have no more excuses.\""
"1694" "\"For all the hoopla over Rebecca Black's video for \\"Friday\\" I can say I have successfully avoided having watched it, although I feel like I have based on all the chatter that has besmirched the interwebs since it hit YouTube. And at this point it I doubt I ever will. After all, with all the stuff I've read about it, I feel like I don't have to see it.\""
"1695" "\"When Toddler M was a baby, we spent most days playing with toys and running errands together. As he got older, about 15-18 months, that wasn't quite enough anymore. Our days seemed too long; we were both bored by the end of the day. We started adding some structured activities, and it was good for both of us.\""
"1696" "\"The trial of the Norwegian terrorist Anders Behring Breivik is scheduled to start in Oslo early next week. In the lead-up to the trial there has been lots of talk from various left-wing public figures and left-wing organizations about the need to expose the anti-Islamic ideology which they erroneously claim influenced Anders Behring Breivik into carrying out his sick attacks.\""
"1697" "\"So what does a girl do?\""
"1698" "\"It’s been strange and different for sure, preparing for exams on a full year’s worth of material which also determine course grades for an entire year. Back in the U.S., my university followed a semester system and within each class in a semester course grades were determined by midterms, essays, projects, presentations, and participation in addition to the final exams which would normally count for at most 40% of the grade.\""
"1699" "\"he looked up just then and caught me watching.\""
"1700" "\"I am amazed by David words about Saul and that is why we will be spending a week looking at this. You have any initial thoughts on what is written here today?\""
"1701" "\"She is amazed by a screen broadcasting an “Angel Battle”.\""
"1702" "\"This batch is a blend of a pull off the solera and fresh, non-soured beer. The solera was refilled with the fresh beer that did not go into the bottle. Straight solera beer could have stood on its own and would have been fantastic. But I wanted something with a sweet-sour balance for summer slurping.\""
"1703" "\"Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: Perhaps you in Morocco have that…\""
"1704" "\"This has nothing to do with familial responsibility and everything to do with the subjugation of women.\""
"1705" "\"Have a fantastic day whatever you are doing. Enjoy your crafting and above all stay safe and healthy.\""
"1706" "\"may the clay dance\""
"1707" "\"These tin foil paintings were fun. I wrapped and taped a piece of tin foil to the back of card stock sheets. I made sure the kids all had aprons for this project. We used bright colored acrylic paint and foam paint brushes.\""
"1708" "\"Virgins themselves at arranging this kind of festival, I have to say that the festival is better than feared. There is no reason for seasoned Ratebeerians to make their pilgrimage to the Øl & Mat festival in Oslo, but for those of us who live here, it does add some flavour to a city that only has one (or possibly two) beer bars of real class.\""
"1709" "\"You can see why it would be memorable to a young child, right?\""
"1710" "\"Wednesday 28th December - another outfit I can finally fit back into to! As my son would say, \\"Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah!\\" I really like this outfit because it feels a bit more fun and fresh compared to what I usually wear, and I love the mix of the neutral colours - its not too far out of my comfort zone, but is jazzier than all black.\""
"1711" "\"But if Steve Jackson thinks it's the right thing to do ... you don't argue with the OGRE.\""
"1712" "\"Welcome to DeNami's March Blog Hop! If you are following the blog hop, you must have come from Mirta Sanchez's wonderful blog! If you missed the previous blog stops, you can hop back over to the DeNami Blog to start from the beginning. You have until March 12th, 2012, 11:59pm PST to leave comments on all the blogs in order to be eligible to receive one of the two $20 DeNami gift certificates. Winners will be chosen randomly. Good luck!\""
"1713" "\"Anyway, I had just learned to ride horses when the first spring show rolled around during my eighth grade year. I’d also become a proud horse owner thanks to my “second parents,” dear family friends who owned the farm right next to the school. Peaches and I had very little experience together as a team. She was young and considered “green,” or not at all well-trained. We were definitely not ready for a horse show, so I planned to watch and see what I could learn.\""
"1714" "\"...and you were definitely not happy to pose for them. You saw the neighbor's dog and wanted to run to the fence to check him out. You raced down the driveway, away from the camera, clomping your pink Mary Janes and laughing all the way.\""
"1715" "\"Aug 2004 Missouri joins the ranks of burdening their Constitution with silly marriage amendment\""
"1716" "\"Other ornaments include the little pinkish shiny ball ornament with Paul’s name written in glitter—I think he made it when he was about six , and the little red velvet bows, bought at Michael’s after Christmas one year for a dollar. They bring a unifying theme to the tree. I say this, smiling, because our tree is, and has always been throughout the years, a hodge-podge of our life. And I like it that way. I don’t think I could ever have a ‘theme’ tree. Mine is a ‘memory’ tree.\""
"1717" "\"My chocolate polenta cake went down well too, especially with my niece Ella. We all agreed it was rather rich. Many preferred it with cream. I think I got it right this time. However, I still am not so keen on the texture. The grainy texture reminds of what I don't like about lots of gluten free flours. I'd much prefer to stick to flourless cakes with just ground almonds such as Jill Dupleix's recipe. Now what do I do with the rest of the maize flour?\""
"1718" "\"“The ANC‘s U-turn on this matter is to be welcomed, as it will genuinely benefit our attempts to address the ongoing scourge of crime.”\""
"1719" "\"Every trader, at some point in their career, will face a “losing streak”. This is a fact of this business, and actually a fact of life – in almost any venture or business there will be cycles where things are not going optimally. A “losing streak” can be composed of 2 losses, and in some cases can go a lot longer than that.\""
"1720" "\"We’re talking dogs that will eat anything. I mean anything. The piece de resistance is cat poop or retch. The older (aged) the better. These dogs wouldn’t even sniff the chips. What the heck are they made of, that my dogs just ignored. What the heck am I eating when I ingest the Sun chips? Are chips even made with biologic matter?\""
"1721" "\"As we were driving down the highway towards Port Aransas, TX, I started thinking about hurricanes and wondering how many had actually hit this area. I have to say that sometimes I love having an ipad!\""
"1722" "\"- Scouting pinterest\""
"1723" "\"It is hopped with Saaz, and their essence is captured in the head. The flavor, however, is very gentle, boardering on sweet. The Saaz add a robust bitterness and the characteristic spiciness sets off the sweet nicely; it finishes mostly dryly, with just a bit of residual sugar. However, it is in no way challenging--all the notes are beguiling and you really have to remind yourself of the strength to avoid quaffing.\""
"1724" "\"Are there any alphabet books that have really worked for you? Leave a comment - I'd love to hear what they are!\""
"1725" "\"Mix all your ingredients, apart from the flour and butter, together. Add 90% of the flour and start kneading. After a couple of minutes add the butter and remaining flour. Keep kneading for 10 minutes adding small bit of flour if the dough is too sticky, but avoid making it too hard.\""
"1726" "\"Whoever won the week before last's Haiku Monday contest didn't want to host, so I will do so for the April 16th edition. The theme is SMOKE. The usual 5-7-5 rule. Haiku that are adjudged to be two different thoughts separated by a kireji will be favored somewhat.\""
"1727" "\"“Come on over here,” the older man’s voice was thick with Cajun drawl.\""
"1728" "\"American-style wedding cakes are also becoming more popular in France. The traditional cake here is a huge \\"piece montée\\" of cream puffs in a pyramid covered in caramel. Macaron pyramids are also pretty common here. The New York wedding had an ice cream bar in addition to the cake. I've seen dessert buffets in both countries, obviously dessert is important no matter where you are! Cakes in France, be it for birthday, wedding, or other occasion, always have these huge sparklers in them, it's like fireworks on a cake.\""
"1729" "\"Chief: 'Governor?'\""
"1730" "\"We take it in turns to host the challenges. You will be required to choose a challenge theme for your host month and do a little write up on the post (just telling people what your challenge is. Everyone adds their own pics and I add the sponsor info and inlinkz etc, so you will not be required to do any of that :))\""
"1731" "\"Certainly it’s possible to have a significant impact on the collective conversation of our time without exposing yourself to the thaumaturgic media. Though most mass media in every age are designed to force the recipient into a passive relationship to the incoming stream of information, disinformation, and thaumaturgy, there are always a few options that give the individual a voice or allow a conversation to take place, or both. The blogosphere is the current example of the species; a lively world of noncommercial monthly and weekly journals did the same thing through most of the twentieth century, and will no doubt do the same thing again through the second half or so of the twenty-first. There are other modes of shaping collective consciousness as well, of course, with the influence of personal example standing out in many ways as the most potent of the lot.\""
"1732" "\"Written by: Gloria\""
"1733" "\"No, you're not seeing double. This is indeed another Hello Kitty cake. There are some subtle differences though, if you want to compare. Go ahead, look between the two and we'll play a quick game of Spot the Difference. Ready? Go! ... How many did you find? I'll give you the obvious point for the Happy Birthday Michi. You'll also notice that this newer Hello Kitty has three whiskers on her right cheek instead of just two. If you looked crazy closely, there's also no gapping in this Hello Kitty's tank top or pant leg. I'm probably the only one who notices that though. Inner critic being harsh and all. Oh, and this cake was another vanilla chocolate chip too!\""
"1734" "\"He said ”Want to get out of here?”\""
"1735" "\"I’m so happy that Ronnie has access to team wheelchair sports through Sportable. He is a very athletic person, and always seems so excited to play basketball, lacrosse, track and field, etc. He never had that opportunity before joining our family, and he certainly doesn’t get it at school. But even more than the athletic opportunity, I like that he is meeting people who use wheelchairs and don’t let that stand in the way of living life to its fullest.\""
"1736" "\"“I declare that civil war is inevitable and is near at hand. When it comes the descendants of the heros of Lexington and Bunker Hill will be found equal in patriotism, courage and heroic endurance with the descendants of the heroes of Cowpens and Yorktown. For this reason I predict the civil war which is now at hand will be stubborn and of long duration.”\""
"1737" "\"Whoops. This is what my refrigerator looks like:\""
"1738" "\"With that in mind I haven’t rated this fours stars purely because ‘I liked it’, I find most history books fascinating. The rating comes from the fact it’s a very good and apparently well researched introduction to the time period. It’s a nice easy read that doesn’t feel overly academic but manages to fit a fuckton of information in. And, even better for a geek like me, it endnotes to the original sources and important secondary works pretty extensively – so if there’s anything a reader wants to question there’s normally a note in the back of the book directing them as to where the information came from. Now I didn’t do it but just knowing I can always makes me feel a bit happier. Despite the gimmicky title it is a book that could be read purely for fun or used as a starting point for academic work.\""
"1739" "\"It was a spontaneous moment. It will be Sunday morning tomorrow and what better time to have something indulgent. I had a few fresh blueberries leftover and about 3 to 4 ounces of Chevre goat cheese and I was standing in front of fresh bread at the farmers market. The raisin studded Challah just called out to me. It had been a while since I indulged in making French toast so it was time.\""
"1740" "\"( 15 years old) chose for it.When I showed to him the original design from TW.s home page he said that it looks fine but the colours are too \\"grey\\".\""
"1741" "\"“Planning is an unnatural process; it is much more fun to do something. And the nicest thing about not planning is that failure comes as a complete surprise rather than being preceded by a period of worry and depression.”\""
"1742" "\"On with the other news of the week, then.\""
"1743" "\"If you have watched the new release of “Alice In Wonderland” – 2010, you will definitely remember the vital characters in the show, such as Mad Hatter and Alice, etc. How much attention do you think you will attract if you dress up like one of these characters during the coming Halloween party? You are definitely going to be in the limelight!\""
"1744" "\"Spike, ever the skeptic, declares to two of Trixie’s fans “If I don’t see her vanquish the Ursa Major, I won’t believe it.” His demonstration is fair, but unwittingly sets the two fans to go and find an Ursa to vanquish. Bringing endangerment on Ponyville for the sake of proof is reprehensible enough; it’s made all the worse by the fact that Trixie is a fraud and is terrified by the impending Ursa.\""
"1745" "\"I think something is burning,\""
"1746" "\"Please re-assure my heart\""
"1747" "\"This testing was enough to answer the question.... \\"Does the ammunition actually work as described?\\" There was another question though, at least in this writers tiny little puzzled mind. Would the frangible bullets destabilize upon striking anything less substantial than a steel target?\""
"1748" "\"Tait Trussel writes, “The Pet rob ras loan may be a windfall for Soros and Brazil, but it is a bad deal for the U. S. The American Petroleum Institute estimates that oil exploration in the U S could create 160,000 new, well-paying jobs, as well as $1.7 trillion in revenues to federal, state, and local governments, all while fostering greater energy security and independence.”\""
"1749" "\"Please email me your information!\""
"1750" "\"anyway... we walked from the port through a quaint little town to the train station.\""
"1751" "\"What I think Kirk partially overlooks, however, is that conservatism is not limited to those \\"who find the permanent things more pleasing\\". Such people will of course be conservative but most people who adopt a cautious attitude to social change do so for a more practical reason -- because they see that as serving their basic aim of a better life for the individual. Almost all of the most influential conservatives (e.g. Winston Churchill and Ronald Reagan) were in their earlier years Left-leaning, so their conservatism can hardly be attributed to an inborn preference for permanence or a dislike of change as such. They became conservative for a good reason -- to promote and conserve one thing in particular -- respect for the individual and for individual liberties. So, particularly in the progress-minded USA, Kirk speaks only for a small subset of conservatives.\""
"1752" "\"I have invited some ladies over to my home Saturday night for some crafting time, so I thought I would share one of the cards that I designed for the occasion.\""
"1753" "\"you of my brother, now dead but scared of life yet\""
"1754" "\"“you can’t have your parcel without a docket”\""
"1755" "\"Guan Eng’s Attempt To Save Self From Embarrassment – Tee Siew Kiong – Wednesday, 22 February 2012 00:15\""
"1756" "\"Father Christmas has various companions, one of which in Germany is Knecht Ruprecht. However, not all of his helpers are frightening; the Christkindl, meaning Christ Child, was thought to accompany him in many countries. Indeed, the Christian Christmas story is difficult to separate from these other winter legends.\""
"1757" "\"All the concrete pedestals I've ever needed! All in one spot. Perhaps I could use that for my privacy fencing. Either way, I was quite pleased to see that there was an automotive repair shop right close by. You just never know when you might need that service.\""
"1758" "\"If a Republican voluntarily gives me money it demeans me. But nothing could possibly be more honorable than taking money that has been forcibly redistributed from other Americans and handed out to me in the form of a welfare check courtesy of a Democrat Party that wants to buy my vote.\""
"1759" "\"I realized this morning that I still felt very much like a cork–powerless over this storm. My soon to be ex-husband communicates with me as little as possible. I know that he has graduated university, I know he will need to find a place to live outside of the dorms, and a job to support himself. These decisions will affect my children, and, indirectly, me. A job will hopefully mean the beginning of child support, something I have struggled without. Will he propose to his new girlfriend once the divorce is final? Will she become part of my children’s life? How much longer until the paperwork for the bankruptcy and divorce are complete? When can I close this door and start the journey forward? All I get is silence.\""
"1760" "\"3) The time of grating, measuring and mixing this together.\""
"1761" "\"I love my field and I love Rudy as well, although most of what he says goes over my head (he’s a good 4 inches taller than me – which is unusual for a pig!!). Rudy & I spend most of our time on the front of cards and gifts, which I really love ‘cos people laugh at them and they make me smile (even though you can’t tell ‘cos my mouth is hidden under my chin……)\""
"1762" "\"If you have been around this blog for any length of time you probably remember me mentioning one of the little ones residing at Eagles Nest named Victoria...\""
"1763" "\"The temperature is falling, partly from cold air being blown in, and partly because the lake effect clouds are thickening up as the day goes on. I did see a tree limb come crashing down into the swamp with a big splash, but I was too slow on the draw to catch it falling.\""
"1764" "\"Food! Don't worry, I won't forget the food. The food is what brought this blog out of me. I love writing and sometimes wish I had the time to do more of it, but this blog has allowed me to bring together my love of creating healthy, good food for my family and friends and write about it. How wonderful is that? I know I need to get back to some food posts - I really haven't forgotten that is the reason I'm here!\""
"1765" "\"Before continuing, I want to pause here and mention a very rare Timely premium advertised in the pages of MISS AMERICA Vol 3, #3 (Dec/45). The ad is for a holiday booklet devoted to Christmas fun, fashion, recipes, etc, produced by the MISS AMERICA staff and offered for 10 cents to readers who wrote in and ordered it. The title is \\"HERE'S HOW FOR A MERRY CHRISTMAS\\".\""
"1766" "\"PJ: “Yes! It is essential. Regardless of how talented you may or may not be, without exposure you will not get anywhere in the industry. Social network is the key to that exposure these days. “\""
"1767" "\"Heat oven to 350 degrees.\""
"1768" "\"What Rosen’s comment did was to give the elephants and their megaphone, Fox News, grist for the mill to counter the other side pointing out that the Republicans are engaged in a war on women.\""
"1769" "\"Trumer Pils\""
"1770" "\"Thanks for the opportunity to further interrogate the characters in Boy vs.\""
"1771" "\"Genesis 1:2 shows us that the Holy Spirit was also involved in the work of Creation. Thus all three members of the Godhead were active in the Creation of earth and mankind and the Sabbath.\""
"1772" "\"Mr. Brooks (Costner) is a serial killer, and there’s the first draw that makes this thing more interesting than your average cop thriller. This isn’t like Dexter where the hero is killing for a justifiable reason, no – Mr. Brooks just kills random people who haven’t done anything, and only because he is addicted to it. You could make the argument that his want to stop makes him a more likable character, but the ending of the movie squashes that one, and I think the fact that the film asks you to try and root for this guy is part of the challenge and the fun. He is aided by his sarcastic, murderous alter-ego (Hurt), appearing to him in spirit-form, urging him to kill and often being the little devil on his shoulder. Except there really isn’t an angel on his shoulder at all.\""
"1773" "\"Today was another trip to the vet for a glucose curve. Mom seemed a little more confident this time – at least, she wasn’t all broken down when she left. She asked the nurse to use her home meter to test as well, but apparently they couldn’t get a reading on it. I think it’s because they want Mom to buy the expensive Cat and Dog-specific glucose meter. Instead, she’s put that on her Yule list.\""
"1774" "\"2. The Town (Narration)\""
"1775" "\"A week later with the account open and activated I take a deep breath and embark on the first withdrawal. I am the only customer in the bank and my shoes click loudly as I cross the polished floor. The lady at the enquiries desk is applying her make up and doesn't stop as I stand in front of her. She won't tell me if my expected transfer has arrived. She says I have to fill in a slip before she can tap the number into the computer. She doesn't have any slips, I've got to get them from a man sitting at a desk back at the entry door. I walk back across the banking hall, the man is busy chatting and laughing to someone on the phone. He ignores me until he is finished. I fill in the slip back at the enquiries desk while the lady carries on with her face decorating, mirror in hand, lips pouted.\""
"1776" "\"I dont have anything bad to say about it except Topps quality control! A number of the base cards had dings in the lower left corner. You can see it on the Youkilis above. Weirdly the damaged cards weren't in sequence. I would get one from one pack and maybe three in another. Still at least none were creased or scratched up.\""
"1777" "\"This is a right and a form of IP protection and demand to disallow misrepresentation that the country is a part of the UN. Some countries of course are guilty of abuses that have warranted the above actions though the intent towards international hegemony via the UN, or (recognition of microstates that skew the representation of votes by population) is equally unacceptable.\""
"1778" "\"I don’t know about you, but after months and trying to figure out what the Browns are going to do at 4 and 22 in the draft, I am as tired as an overweight trucker weaving across lanes on 71 North at 3 a.m. in the fifth hour of his last Five Hour Energy. With a week left before the SuperBowl of the off-season kicks off, the common consensus is that the Brownies will draft a WR with one of their first three picks. This is all well and good because the Brown’s score less than a devout virgin who’s father owns a large assortment of firearms. But the Orange and Brown can’t attach all their hopes and dreams to one new WR. They are going to have to find a sleeper who can contribute in the next few season. Here are four guys who could be available after the third round:\""
"1779" "\"The mother uncorked on me for correcting her kids, but she wasn’t doing a damn thing about it so of course I was going to take matters into my own hands. As a hardcore bowler I take bowling etiquette very seriously. I won’t even take my place on the approach until my neighbors are done, much less start my shot. Of course, it could be that I just take the game way too seriously for an amateur (but trying to go professional) bowler. Who knows.\""
"1780" "\"The extent to which it is about Buffett is that it demonstrates how his careful selection of CEO – based almost entirely on character, rather than credentials, resumes or recommendations – and then his ability to leave them alone to run their businesses makes him “”the best boss in the world”. Of course, he doesn’t abandon them: he is available any time for a phone conversation and many of them take the opportunity, because they learn from him whenever they do.\""
"1781" "\"Life for me has been very difficult on and off for the last two and a half years, just when i thought things couldn't get worse, they did. Talk about being kicked when your down! I felt totally out of control of everything around me, I was not in a good place, and at the time thought it would never end. But, I was wrong, things slowly improved since about February and now we are at a stage, that I truly believed would never come ! But things happen for a reason and I know all these unfortunate times have made me stronger even though I didn't realize it at the time.\""
"1782" "\"Upland Teddy Bear Kisses 10.2%\""
"1783" "\"A question came up in the Orchestrator forums today about how to ensure that Monitor type workflows are running in an environment. One way to do this is using Orchestrator itself to ensure that all ‘Monitor’ workflows that are supposed to be running are actually running. In our environment this type of workflow is run in our passive production environment against our active production environment but could just as well be run in your normal production environment on a non primary action server.\""
"1784" "\"One puts together the motive afterwards: Barry wants to be re-elected, the Fed doesn’t want its banking system to melt down, and yes, the Aegean seabed is a geologist’s wet dream, and the US wants nice cosy bases there with the minimum of fuss. Most conspiracy theories are put together the other way round.\""
"1785" "\"The stack I ended up with consisted of many copies of Oprah's magazine, a couple of Vogues, a jewelry-maker's catalogue, a little book about Zen called The Art of Happiness, a couple of New Mexico magazines, a couple of issues each of National Geographic, Spirituality & Health, and Garden Design, a tiny book called Roman Wisdom, and one copy of Martha Stewart's Living.\""
"1786" "\"Feminism killed off Miss America, but not in the way originally intended or predicted. It didn't manage to overthrow unrealistic and bizarre standards of female beauty; if it had, Hollywood wouldn't be chockablock with bobblehead starlets who think an oyster cracker is an entree. And it didn't succeed in liberating women from being seen as sex objects, not when porn star Jenna Jameson can natter away on television about her career as though she were a bank manager.\""
"1787" "\"Now its time to assemble your enchiladas!\""
"1788" "\"Clearasil splashed on that spot and on that annoying rash.\""
"1789" "\"My dad loved her! Pictures will follow.\""
"1790" "\"In 2000, Daniel Suelo left his life savings — all 30 dollars of it — in a phone booth. He has lived without money, and with a newfound sense of freedom and security, ever since. A Walden for the 21st century, Mark Sundeen‘s The Man Who Quit Money (Riverhead) is an account of how one man learned to live, sanely and happily, without earning, receiving, or spending a single cent.\""
"1791" "\"Your turn to do the talking.\""
"1792" "\"Of course chutney’s of tamarind, or coconut could be great accompaniment, but for my daughters and me, it best when eaten with a good book in hand and a cup of coffee.\""
"1793" "\"Two days ago we did our first Mother's Day activity (yay).\""
"1794" "\"Heart attack: pain due to cardiac ischemia is more serious when a blockage in a cardiac vessel occurs as a result of the surface covering of a fatty plaque rupturing. If a blood clot (also called a thrombus) forms on the plaque, it can partially or completely block the artery of the heart and slow or block the flow of blood to the heart. If that occurs for more than 15 minutes the muscle may become damaged or cause death of that area of the heart that the blood vessel supports. During a heart attack (also called a myocardial infarction) the patient may experience a sensation of chest pain that may be a sharp, dull or burning pain that is usually located in either the middle or upper chest (possibly the left side), and sometimes this pain may radiate to the back, arms, jaw or neck. The pain may get better or worse with activity or rest and there may be other symptoms such as sweating, nausea, rapid heart rate or shortness of breath.\""
"1795" "\"“But…but…”\""
"1796" "\"Are you in search of firm handed musical spanking? Do you want to hear some soul shaking garage rock that will you get your ass shaking and your feet moving? Do you like your rock n' roll sweaty, dirty, frantic and funky?\""
"1797" "\"Another quick note–when you first get the mop, wash it a few times with towels to get rid of a lot of the loose fuzzy threads off. They are cut in a factory and I’m sure there is a lot of thread fuzz floating around that the strings collect like a magnet (this is a GOOD thing because the dirt will collect to it also!).\""
"1798" "\"By inference, Masing must hold that the Nazi majority were behaving perfectly reasonably when they exterminated minorities, such as disabled Germans, Jews, Slavs and Romany people.\""
"1799" "\"Jochen Bernstein - bass\""
"1800" "\"i can request, because i have certain extra thing that you don't have, you want your credit, you need to follow my request, if you think you can skip my request, then i can skip your credit also. think of it, do more is better than less, but the problem is people always wanted short-cut to succeed.\""
"1801" "\"Happy new year, reader!\""
"1802" "\"I’ll take a look at these again in October and we’ll see what I definitely accomplish, then I’ll make new goals for the next year! How are you tracking and working to achieve your goals?\""
"1803" "\"Image coloured with Pro/FlexMarkers\""
"1804" "\"This is the album’s longest track. Indeed, it is long and droning and full of minor\""
"1805" "\"\\"Let us be lovers we'll marry our fortunes together\\"\""
"1806" "\"* Rocky Road sentiments: Computer generated\""
"1807" "\"Is it possible for me to collect and not spend? We will see in 2012.\""
"1808" "\"\\"To me, one of the greatest benefits of unschooling is the relationships I've developed with my family, which I definitely attribute at least in part to unschooling. When in school, siblings spend every day appart from each other, in separate grades, classrooms, and even schools (though seeing as you're not supposed to be socializing in class, I suppose it wouldn't make much of a difference if siblings where in the same class, anyway). Evenings are usually spent doing homework, or spending time with other friends. There's a stigma attached to hanging out with people of different ages, and I've definitely also encountered a stigma to liking family members. To many young people, actually liking a sibling enough to spend time with them just isn't cool.\\" February\""
"1809" "\"I love toys, and as a girl i loved dolls especially..\""
"1810" "\"Pour the meat mixture into a baking dish or loaf pan and shape it accordingly. I bake mine in a large, oval, ceramic casserole dish and I form it into an oblong/football shape, making sure not to mound it too high in the center. The more level it is, the more evenly it cooks.\""
"1811" "\"This system was OK when it really was Highland Park. Then all of this was in the open and accepted as such. People also got paid well. Now all of this is obscured behind a touchy feely facade. On the surface we are all one big happy family. We need your ideas. Innovation is what it is all about. We are all going to cooperate. We are all leaders. This will be bottom up.\""
"1812" "\"“Come on, you can do it,” was one early comment. “Come on stage, man, you can do it.”\""
"1813" "\"once again, rather than improve,\""
"1814" "\"In the fifth image I cropped the chair and the dresser out of the image. I think this change makes the picture alot better because the dog is the only thing in the picture. I revised the file name as ZakeyaMurphys Peedy Cropped.\""
"1815" "\"“Yep, especially if we don’t tell THEM. The girls will make ‘em show up, especially if I throw in a steak or any other kind of supper.” A supper nice restaurant here called “Jakes” was the destination, so they had us a nice place for 10 prepared right on time.\""
"1816" "\"This story caught my eye. Jude's Barbershop in Grand Rapids, MI is in trouble for providing a complimentary beer with haircuts. Jude's owners claim the practice of offering alcoholic beverages at no charge to customers is common in the hair and beauty industry. And it IS! Women get offered a glass of bubbly when they go to get a pedicure almost anywhere. Why can't a guy have a beer with his haircut? Just because the poor, deprived men of the Grand Rapids city council haven't had the pleasure doesn't mean that it is a BAD idea!\""
"1817" "\"Your just like chalk..\""
"1818" "\"--finish contact paper lining dresser/changing table drawers\""
"1819" "\"Then hear outside the orders given, Fall in, my men, fall in;\""
"1820" "\"Our kit is called 'A Day at the Beach' and is a great kit to scrap your summertime memories. I know some of you may be longing for summer to get here, especially after the crazy weather we have been having this year.\""
"1821" "\"Jeans: Loft\""
"1822" "\"Much attention is given to the idea that mankind’s industrial development is destroying Bigfoot’s habitat, making it more difficult for the creature to survive. It may even become extinct, Schritter and others fear.\""
"1823" "\"The table became silent, each man’s eye shifting warily, almost suspiciously, from one crewmate to another. Beck stuffed a hand into his pocket and pulled out the straws, one clipped considerably shorter than the others. He regarded them thoughtfully, then glanced over at Emerson. “I don’t see anyone objecting to you holding the straws, Doc. Of course, that means you’ll have to draw last.”\""
"1824" "\"It's interesting, too, that he points out the often suburban concerns of the 'great' male American novel, since the general perception is that 'suburban' is one of the sub-characteristics for which women's literature is deemed generally lesser.\""
"1825" "\"“I will be a catamaran, and I will sail away from you.”\""
"1826" "\"Are you a doctor? JESUS wants you to take care of all the lost sheep in your nation.\""
"1827" "\"“The legend that haunted the popular imagination told of an encounter between Owain and the abbot of Vale Crucis,” writes Canon Patrick.\""
"1828" "\"Speaking of which - don't forget that this month we want to see your guy cards - any style, any theme - just something you could send to a fella - here's another one of mine for a little inspiration if you're struggling to get your creative juices flowing:\""
"1829" "\"10. Singin' The Blues\""
"1830" "\"Anyway, Monday. First hour. Sort of a combination discovery flight, first lesson. We went off and did the 4 basics of flying. Climbs, turns, descents and straight and level. All flying is basically some combination of those 4. At least for fixed wing aircraft. We then went to a big wide empty field next to the runway and I proceeded to make myself airsick. My instructor, great guy by the way, sets up a hover and then give me the pedals. My only job is to maintain a heading. Keep the nose pointed at a big white pole just outside of this acre and a half field that we're in the middle of. Not too bad. Then he gave me the collective, throttle and pedals. Now, I'm supposed to maintain heading and height. A little worse, but okay. I'm only bouncing up and down maybe 10 ft. and swinging back and forth maybe 30 degrees. Then he says he's gonna take back the collective, throttle and pedals and he's gonna give me just the cyclic. At this point I KNOW this man is insane and suicidal.\""
"1831" "\"Celebration Garden\""
"1832" "\"Makes your eyes glow dark when you say what's on your mind\""
"1833" "\"This one is very very effected for oily skin,,,,,,Black clay mask will help you to get rid of Acne(For sure)…..you have to buy black clay mask from market add some rose water or lemon juice or milk in it and then apply it all over you face and wash it when it gets dry…..\""
"1834" "\"The main reason the Afrikaner Nationalists even rose to power in the new British created macro state at all was due to the excesses of British brutality in the concentration camps which lead to the deaths of 24 000 Boer children - which was close to 50 % of the Boer child population - of which the Afrikaner Nationalists were able to effectively marshal a political response to in the mobilization of the greater White Afrikaans speaking population even though this also lead to the marginalization of the actual Boer people in question since the loose political association of the White Afrikaans speaking groups made the Boer people a minority under the control of the Cape based Afrikaners who only used the Boers' history in order to justify their control of the new macro State imposed by the British with the South Africa Act of 1909 onto the region.\""
"1835" "\"* At the prom, nearly everyone wore dresses. Yes, including the boys. :-) She's got some hilarious photos. One boy had this Marilyn Monroe look going on, with blonde wig and tiny red dress; he looked gorgeous!\""
"1836" "\"The delicate noise of water poured over foreheads and the muttered words, “I baptize thee…”\""
"1837" "\"And we have more coming our way!\""
"1838" "\"A web video released by the Santorum Camping has news outlets from NPR to the LATimes in hysterics – from the LA Times S\\"antorum's 'Obamaville' ad links Ahmadinejad with Obama\\" [video] suggests that the Santorum Campaign directly compares the President with Iran’s Ahmadinejad, however, if one views the ad (see below) on can see that the focus is on policy – (See video below or link to You Tube here) the ad suggests the price of gas, the loss of jobs, fear of unemployment, small businesses closing down, and longer waits to see a doctor, before it goes into foreign policy, and the rise of the Iranian theocracy - The President is pictured in the video, but not in a comparative sense, it is an overview of predictions of the causes of President’s policies - all of them. One looking at this video entitled “Obamaville” might not consider it to be the best in cinematography, nor that much predictive of two years hence, especially when one considers that everything in the video, is happening now. However, it is the negatives spelled out regarding Obama that is the crux of the matter coming from one Rick Santorum. This is evidenced in the comments connected to the article and a distinct anti-Catholic tone.\""
"1839" "\"Which the birds know in the woods mornings and evenings,\""
"1840" "\"For the last two decades or so, our hamburger meat has been “beefed up” with filler made from ground-up, ammonia-treated beef scraps, sinew and connective tissue. Formally known as boneless lean beef trimmings (BLBT), the food industry says it’s wholesome, safe and delicious. But recent media reports about this “pink slime” are making people take a closer look at what they’re eating.\""
"1841" "\"The disc opens, boldly, with a nearly silent piece by Malfatti's colleague Jürg Frey, which consists entirely of a handful of low tones, played in unison by the two musicians, scattered amidst a vast field of nothingness. Opening the album with this piece is a way of acknowledging up front the spartan, airless world of the Wandelweiser group of composers with which Malfatti is associated, and the remainder of the album is in a sense a series of movements away from this territory. On the subsequent pieces — a Rowe-chosen Cornelius Cardew composition, plus a recent Malfatti composition and a graphic score made by Rowe — the music still tends towards the minimal, but abandons that near-silent austerity. Static and radio hum from Rowe form an electronic bed for long rumbling tones and breathy exhalations from Malfatti, and occasionally the serenity is interrupted by piercing, squealing feedback or gritty, granular bursts of electric noise. The music remains low-key and gestural in spite of these outbursts. By choosing his abstract graphic score \\"Pollock '82\\" as the final composed piece of the session, Rowe sets the stage for the improvisation to follow. The improvised third disc doesn't depart very far from the sonic territory that precedes it, because part of this album's ideology is to blur the boundaries between improvisation and composition; it's all just music to these two players. And there's no question that the relaxed, seamless interplay of this improvisation is informed by the composed pieces — whether loosely notated or entirely abstract — from earlier in the session. [buy]\""
"1842" "\"Publisher: Orchard Books\""
"1843" "\"Although pessimistic, Spain only scored 55, well below the European average. Confidence fell in 24 of the 27 European countries. Only ten countries worldwide scored above 100.\""
"1844" "\"We are taken back to the past and while the younger one gets all the attention as they ready her for the competition, the older one seethes in rage. One day, as she presses her younger sister’s skirt with a medieval iron, she accidentally-on-purpose scars her face. It might technically be an accident but I think there was some intent there. Anyway, the crown prince can’t marry an ugly girl so the older sister takes her place and gets chosen as the bride.\""
"1845" "\"Brazil has been flirting with recession since the second half of last year as local manufacturers struggle with high business costs and a strong currency — a surprising letdown for an economy that had been among the world’s most vibrant.\""
"1846" "\"Go figure. I like it when God acts like Himself instead of some idea I have in my head. It might just be that this is all that remains.\""
"1847" "\"Earlier, he had been suspended for skipping school and showing up late to class. And most recently, in February, he was suspended again when officials found a ‘marijuana pipe’ and an empty baggie with traces of the drug.\""
"1848" "\"You Can Change Your Own Fate: Even if you're a side character or a villain, Dream High says that you can develop into the hero or heroine of your own story. I love Teacher Oh-hyuk for telling Hyemi this because it's an in-story example of what makes the show so captivating; Hyemi starts out as a classic villainess, then grows and changes until she's a heroine. Baekhee starts out as a Cinderella, then grows into a wicked stepsister. But maybe, with time, she could change her role once more?\""
"1849" "\"In case you’re in the same boat, or if you’re lucky enough to vacation here for the holidays, here are a few things to fill your days with the cheer and charm of Paris at Christmas.\""
"1850" "\"We are pulling in our horns a bit, becoming more reflective, quieting things down, and getting ready.\""
"1851" "\"So we go through the seasons of the year, the months, etc. It comes with cards for the special days, events, etc. We count the days and I added a little cards in the pockets. They came with the Question of the Day Chart that we have (picture below). They were left blank so what I did is to write all the subjects, for example, animals, colors, yes or no, etc. So every day when we do the calendar he can choose a card from the box.\""
"1852" "\"Whether we want to acknowledge it or not, we are a compilation of every experience we have ever had. Our beliefs, our desires, our thoughts, our actions – whether we would choose them again, whether we are ashamed of them or are proud of them – are the building blocks of what we have chosen to learn and experience. There is no right or wrong. With the vision of this reality, our understanding of all the reasons and factors that caused us to make our choices is limited. But, once we embark on a path, our disposition is to continue with it in one form or another until the chosen lesson is learned and the experience is complete. This may take lifetimes.\""
"1853" "\"Aracaju, Brazil\""
"1854" "\"The next morning, I felt better and headed off to work as usual. When I used the restroom, I noticed some spotting on the toilet paper, and called my OB just to be safe. She wanted me to come in...just as a precaution. Worried, but just expecting to be told to rest and drink more water, J and I went in around 11 a.m. I knew as soon as she examined me that things were just not right. I was dilated 1 - 2 cm and just like that my perfect pregnancy was gone. I knew it was bad. I knew that the chances of a 23 week old baby making it were slim to none.\""
"1855" "\"I’m so cold lately. Come warm me.\""
"1856" "\"Disneyland! In February we took a family vacation to Disneyland. We all had so much fun! Two months later Justin is still asking everyday if we can go back to Disneyland. I WISH! Savannah was so brave and went on every ride she was tall enough for. Her favorites were Big Thunder Mountain Railroad and Screamin Over California. Justin's favorites were Pirates of the Caribbean and The Jungle Cruise.\""
"1857" "\"On Wee Z's first birthday, we had 2 small parties for him with various family members and friends. On the Saturday before his birthday my Dad, Grandma and younger Sister came to visit. The sun was splitting the sky and it was a really lovely day. We had a picnic in the garden and my Sister helped Wee Z play with his new toys.\""
"1858" "\"*Kraft Unique\""
"1859" "\"Francesca is also sleeping with Cesare Borgia, the pope's oldest son. It is rumoured that Pope Alexander VI will make Cesare a Cardinal, which would put him in line to putting down a foundation for a dynasty of Borjia's to rule all of Christendom. The fear of this possiblity increases the opposition to Pope Alexander's rule. The main threat is from Morozzi, the mad priest. Morozzi is a threat to the Pope, and Francesca is hell bent on killing him with her own hands.\""
"1860" "\"The winners are Sherie Lagarde and Thelma Benzhoff. Congrats Sherie and Thelma!\""
"1861" "\"Bainbridge Island, my hometown, which sources lots of local\""
"1862" "\"or the fruits of a template mocked up at Bellini’s.\""
"1863" "\"The officials named in the case include the most senior legal minds in the Bush administration. They are: Alberto Gonzales, a former White House counsel and attorney general; David Addington, former vice-president Dick Cheney's chief of staff; Douglas Feith, who was under-secretary of defence; William Haynes, formerly the Pentagon's general counsel; and John Yoo and Jay Bybee, who were both senior justice department legal advisers.\""
"1864" "\"I have to admit, we were disheartened this morning. But it's nothing we can't overcome, and we are making the choice to be thankful that our little Levi is doing so well. God has brought us this far, He won't let us fall so close to the end. The doctor said that if there is any positive count increases tomorrow, we can take him home. There are a lot of plans being reshuffled today to make sure we have things lined up this weekend, but hopefully tomorrow at this time I'll be writing you an update at this time from my couch while Levi runs laps around the living room around with his big sister.\""
"1865" "\"Nope, it's not any easier or less daunting the second time around, in case you were wondering. hehe. I don't know why, but cake baking/decorating has always been the bane of my existence. Even though the first one turned out fantastically, it didn't seem to alleviate any of the nervousness that I get when I think about making another one. It requires so much skill and knowledge.. and I'm still such a novice.\""
"1866" "\"The past year has been amazing. I've made so many connections and formed friendships I didn't think were possible to make without actually \\"meeting\\" someone, which made this decision very difficult. I've decided to take an extended break from my blog so that I could dedicate time to some other writing projects I've been wanting to try. I don't know if I'll be successful or if I'll even complete those goals, but at 30, I want to give it a shot.\""
"1867" "\"In the BBC’s latest episode of Indian Ocean with Simon Reeve their focus is Madagascar to the Seychelles. I eagerly anticipated the beautiful landscape that would be broadcast. As he himself points out, movies and documentaries usually portray Madagascar as a forested country teeming with wildlife. But Simon chose to show the reality rather than the fantasy.\""
"1868" "\"Pow pow\""
"1869" "\"Just a Man--Faith No More\""
"1870" "\"I am sorry, curly hair, for hiding you for all of grade five and six by forcing you into lopsided buns or wrist-thick braids.\""
"1871" "\"Do you want to get the vinyl for this set for free? Here's how! Every week (starting on Thursdays, because, well, that's how this month is going so far . . . .), anyone who places an order of $10 or more of vinyl, will receive 1 part of this set with their order. Just specify in the comments section that you would like the free Nativity vinyl of the week and it will be sent with your order. No promo code necessary (but you must remind us in the comments section or we will forget to include it)!\""
"1872" "\"The woodburner will no doubt come into its own later in the year, with the price of oil going up vertically at the moment – last week when I enquired, burning oil was 58p a litre, this week I’m told it’s gone up to 70p… What I don’t understand is a) why this is suddenly happening now – I mean it would have been understandable when Saddam was setting fire to all the oil fields, but why now? and b) why no one seems to have seen it coming. So much for Gordon’s empty promises that the days of boom and bust were over; we now seem to be poised on the brink of the biggest recession in living memory. And of course the rising oil prices are really going to hit those of us that live in the country hard – we’ve no gas supply here (not that that’s going to get any cheaper), and mostly have to drive several miles for basic services city-dwellers take for granted. Still, I suppose if times get really hard we could always burn the pergola…\""
"1873" "\"He said: “Afflecks gave quite a few people their break. It showed anything was possible. I opened a few clothes shops and we had one in Leeds that did very well but the city had no decent bars so I started one that had the first two am licence, the Town House, which was successful so we opened a couple more.”\""
"1874" "\"that will be changed, etc.\""
"1875" "\"Another powerful technique is to create a collage of yourself with your goals, as if they were already completed. If one of your goals is to own a new red car, take a picture of yourself sitting behind the wheel of that red car at your local dealership. If your goal is to visit Egypt, find a picture or poster of the great pyramids and cut out a picture of yourself and place it into the picture. With today’s technology, you can cut and paste yourself into a scanned picture to make an even more convincing image using your computer. Some of your goals may have the result of a desired condition, such as inner peace, rather than a tangible thing such as a car. Find a picture from a magazine or a word that elicits that feeling for you like a person in a chair facing the setting sun.\""
"1876" "\"The effort eats up about 10 percent of the republic’s defense budget. (Macedonia previously contributed about 500 troops to the American-led effort in Iraq.)\""
"1877" "\"Please pray for GSG and her entire family right now sweet friends. I know it would mean the world to her.\""
"1878" "\"She had it and didn’t even know it. How profound is that? She lived the dream. She was now on the other side of the dream. The side no one wants to see, or even believe it exists. Death has parted them and she is the one left standing, alone and lonely. How sad is that?\""
"1879" "\"Tactics as a driver: You *can* ram as a mongoose but the kill would be a lucky one. Mongoose are good to get you to the battle fast but don’t rush into a skirmish while driving one as you are supremely exposed. Be warned when carrying a flag bearer et al.: they slow down the mongoose in addition to making it drastically top heavy and prone to tipping.\""
"1880" "\"P.S. I’ll show you how I painted the cabinets soon – and what I did that you should NOT. :)\""
"1881" "\"People will not follow your blog tour if you keep recycling the same article. Make sure you send your guest post, a bio, a photo of you, a photo of your cover days in advance. Then on the day the article is posted, you need to visit the blog several times and respond to comments.\""
"1882" "\"First – it takes time to become a social media powerhouse. It takes time to gain followers, fans and friends in cyberville. It’s important to go in with a plan, and it’s important to stay real, stay true while you’re there.\""
"1883" "\"Package Deal: All 6 Days and 18 meals $325 (early bee price until May 15…$350 after May 15).\""
"1884" "\"If you want to design one for me even better….LOL\""
"1885" "\"family and nation issues intertwined\""
"1886" "\"Despite the fact that I have no idea where I'll be this fall, or this summer for that matter...\""
"1887" "\"Sully is also co-chair of the EAA (Experimental Aircraft Association) Young Eagles program which provides first time small airplane rides to youngsters. Sully is a military veteran and airline captain who has traveled all over the U.S. and the world. Unlike our past appointed SecTransportation jesters, Sully did the driving rather than the riding. He knows what is needed to traverse America, North America and the world. He knows what gets in the way and what helps. Sign him up.\""
"1888" "\"The junta leaders have said they are holding both Gomes and Yala.\""
"1889" "\"That was a bad night. I so did not know how to be on a date, and every bit of that night goes down in memory as an excruciating reminder of why I did not have many dates in high school. And why the boys I liked always went for my friends instead of tall, gawky Nympho Eyed me....\""
"1890" "\"Having your hands free and being able to multitask while still being close to baby is definitely a plus, however, like everything else, it does pose certain dangers if not done correctly for both parent and child.\""
"1891" "\"Whenever anyone sees the proofs of What’s for Lunch?, my upcoming book on how schoolchildren eat around the world (not a huge focus group, I admit, since the book hasn’t been published yet, but significant enough), they always say they wish they lived in France.\""
"1892" "\"We tell about this in such detail, because the expectation is at the heart of every game situation. When the bookie calls from football fans bet $ 11 to win $ 10, he has a positive expectation of 50 cents per its $ 10. When the casino pays even money for your blackjack when the dealer’s ace, it has a positive expectation about $ 3.85 with rates of $ 100 as of 13 surrenders blackjack dealer will happen 4 times and 9 times does not happen. Paying your 1:1 13 times casinos will lose $ 1300, and playing 4 times a draw and paying your Blackjack 9 times 3:2, it will lose $ 1350. In 13 similar games save $ 50! A roulette casino in every game Belarus pays you 1 / 37 of your stake in the room! With 37-rooms of the roulette wheel to doyles room poker rakeback, it pays you instead of just 35:1 36:1. And the quiet lives of these 2,7%.\""
"1893" "\"58And waft a sigh from Indus to the Pole.\""
"1894" "\"The expectation is that there will now be progress on resolving Siachen and Sir Creek especially after the recent tragedy in Siachen has highlighted the futility of such confrontations. The reality however is that Pakistan cannot accept and condone Indian aggression in Siachen by agreeing to ratify the actual ground positions of the two forces—something the Indians insist on. Nor can they agree to the Indian view on Sir Creek because that has implications for the extension of the boundary line into the sea. No one knows the exact contours of the agreement the previous regime had agreed on in Kashmir. So there is a long way to go but a beginning has been made and hopes are high because this time trade and economic considerations are powerful drivers.\""
"1895" "\"- my organic white cake mix\""
"1896" "\"A full-time summer study abroad program in Manila, Philippines Sponsored by the Comparative History of Ideas Program\""
"1897" "\"“The process makes it virtually impossible to remove a teacher within a reasonable amount of time,” Mr. Klein said in an interview. “Nobody thinks that the number of cases is reflective of the teachers who should be removed.”\""
"1898" "\"We've had a few meetings and exchanged pictures and the cakes I like best are the traditional round three tier ones. The tiers are to be quite deep and stacked upon each other to keep it modern. Its going to be quite plain possibly with some black and white ribbon wrapped around the tiers and maybe with some flowers. It may also have some little spots like the third picture. We are just finalising the details however these pictures will be similar. What do you think?\""
"1899" "\"the world’s first church flowered anew.\""
"1900" "\"Angry over this turn of events, I attempt to escape after another time jump. The Rugged Man finds out about this, and in the process of fleeing I am shot in the stomach and left to die in the yard. Which, as one may imagine, I did. Yet the dream didn’t end.\""
"1901" "\"Very top of the list is to NOT be in efficient efficiency place. Claustrophobia = ME, and I would probably end up killing husband, cats, or both if I had to co exist for too long in these “cozy” quarters.\""
"1902" "\"For many years, I said DO NOT SELF-PUBLISH.\""
"1903" "\"Yes, I know, it is fun and interesting and actually very useful in my business. But I think our blogs are suffering because some of our key blog community contributors are AWOL to the P.\""
"1904" "\"I know the thoughts that surround you\""
"1905" "\"With its close up view of the world’s second highest peak- the Kanchanjunga, blissfully aromatic tea, and breezy climate that compelled the British to make it a summer sojourn for its soldiers, Darjeeling would find itself on most tourists’ lists of places to visit.\""
"1906" "\"However I give this book a ‘good’ rating and think that it worth a read if you are interested in further understanding younger adult’s perspective on the church and faith.\""
"1907" "\"Oh, and it's not \\"bitching.\\" It's \\"constructive criticism.\\"\""
"1908" "\"The also can have the calm presence to just encourage us forward, slowly, quietly and subtly. Giving us a gentle hand on our shoulder to let us know we can do it, that life doesn’t always require us to fight with a roar, but maybe to just have the courage to continue on again tomorrow.\""
"1909" "\"I hope everyone had a great mother's day...Mine was excellent! I was able to meet a friend on Saturday for scrapbooking. Even better, when I got home, the boys had done the grocery shopping and cleaned the house....Now, that's a great mother's day gift imo.\""
"1910" "\"January 1: A new year and a new beginning.\""
"1911" "\"Think of a random number. Can I predict what you randomly thought of? Mathematicians will say yes. They will say that everything can be explained in math, if one just uses the correct variables and methods. They will insist that mathematics is the language of the universe, the very syntax and underlying structure of creation.\""
"1912" "\"What you will find in this blog, are articles covering my interests. No personal or emotional garbage. Unfortunately, my interests are quite many, but time is limited. This blog is an attempt to keep myself focused on a limited number of hobby related projects at any given moment.\""
"1913" "\"This week has been full of surprises.\""
"1914" "\"1. Anti-social behaviour laws\""
"1915" "\"And this year has been the Year of the DNS for me.\""
"1916" "\"Personally I am really enjoying what we are doing as a crew here in Melbourne and what's developing into an open and honest team culture. After being away on camp and then coming to Melbourne we have worked well to keep challenging ourselves and what we have said we are about. There is still such a long way to go in one sense but from experience i know the time will fly and we have to anticipate, challenge and embrace the experience and each other.\""
"1917" "\"Our varied membership includes psychiatrists, forensic psychologists, professional clinical counselors, academic researchers, educators, lawyers, psychiatric survivors, concerned family members, other mental health professionals, and advocates from around the world. ISEPP is an independent organization which currently takes no monies from external sources and is run completely by volunteer members.\""
"1918" "\"golf cart rides\""
"1919" "\"The invitations…\""
"1920" "\"MEMORIALS\""
"1921" "\"Comment on your experiences networking.\""
"1922" "\"The information obtained from ISI about the Abbottabad compound explains the otherwise mysterious remark by President Barack Obama on the night of the raid. \\"It is important here to note,\\" Obama said, \\"that our counterterrorism cooperation with Pakistan helped lead us to bin Laden and the compound he was hiding in.\\"\""
"1923" "\"1. Eric Beetner, author of One Too Many Blows to the head is sponsoring an ebook contest for the new releases from Second Wind Publishing. To win a Daughter Am I ebook, all you have to do it go to the Second Wind blog and answer the question: “have you ever learned something shocking about your past? Maybe not murder but what rocked your world once you found out?” I know you have learned something that rocked your world — for example, how did you feel when you found out where you (and all babies) came from? See, it’s not so hard! You can also answer another question to win an ebook of One Too Many Blows to the Head by J.B. Kohl and Eric Beetner and a third question to win a copy of False Positive by JJ Dare.\""
"1924" "\"What a plonker!\""
"1925" "\"Just check out all this delicious food that we had!!!!!\""
"1926" "\"13. Cooking over a woodfire takes a whole new set of skills once you get sick of hotdogs.\""
"1927" "\"Because of one strong woman, my family of five is complete. My bank account might be drained but my heart is overflowing. And although my legs are tired at night, my arms are filled with the warmest of snuggles.\""
"1928" "\"Here in the park we try to get folks to go around 5 mph and that is a job. People just like to go fast even if it does cause a lot of dust for every one else. We keep trying.\""
"1929" "\"which was later determined to\""
"1930" "\"To maintain this balance, livestock farmers have developed many different types of grazing systems. Some are continuous, where cattle graze for indefinite periods of time; others are rotational, where cattle are moved from one grazing area to the next.\""
"1931" "\"CFR Director Madeline Albright is a professor at the Jesuit Georgetown\""
"1932" "\"Scenario II\""
"1933" "\"After having spent most of my pay packet at yesterday’s Reiss sample sale, it was a deliberation as to whether I could justify another spending splash! However, when the opportunity to go to the Monica Vinader sample sale occurred I grabbed it with both hands! This is a brand which people may or may not have heard of – but their exquisite pieces imply a statement of individuality.\""
"1934" "\"After that dried, I went on to paint it 3 different shades of yellow trying to find the right one to match my kitchen.\""
"1935" "\"Team wise we welcome back Jose Reina and Doni after their respective bans which begs the question what will happen to Brad Jones today after he did such a good job filling in? Elsewhere in the defence we appear to be in a state of flux. Jose Enrique, thanks to his great form, appeared an automatic choice however he has had a few bad games and add that to the return from injury of Agger and Johnson and it’s not as easy to guess what the line up will be?\""
"1936" "\"1 untouched\""
"1937" "\"Like I said, I was a long time user of Internet Explorer and since I really didn’t know shit about search engines, I stuck with it for a few years. It was slow for me and I really didn’t like it but I had no choice. Internet wasn’t also very accessible at the time. Those days, I had to buy prepaid internet cards like mozcom just to be able to connect. Now it’s like everywhere we turn there’s an internet cafe and it’s cheaper already.\""
"1938" "\"If your dog or pup shows any aggression or unusual anxiety during these exercises contact an experienced trainer or behaviorist to help you deal with the issues.\""
"1939" "\"You just wouldn't believe how difficult it is to get snails to drink milk...\""
"1940" "\"Then, curiously, the article pretty much repeats some main conclusions from the Times article four months previous. The 10/14/05 article stated:\""
"1941" "\"\\":D @BostonMaggie Twenty tweets to me? You know, obsessive compulsive disorders can be treated with medication now.\\"\""
"1942" "\"Schlafly Irish Extra Stout\""
"1943" "\"5. Any Job Is A Good Job –There is no such thing as underemployment if you don’t have a job. No job is beneath you if you’re unemployed. Every day you don’t put money in the bank, you’re unnecessarily lowering your water line. It may not be much fun selling shoes with your freshly minted law degree in hand, but it’s a start – it’s a step in the right direction. The most important life skill you can develop is leadership ability. You don’t have to be in charge to lead – you can lead in any capacity regardless of the position you hold.\""
"1944" "\"Tico\""
"1945" "\"8. REI\""
"1946" "\"I don't have to tell you what a twister can do. Fortunately, most of our homes are set far from one another, so there wasn't as much damage as the folks further south of us suffered in Lancaster and Forney.\""
"1947" "\"\\"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven,we were all going direct the other way-- in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.\\"\""
"1948" "\"The final step is to add colour to her cheeks. using R20 and starting at the hairline (in line with the corners of the eyes) stroke a little colour on to her cheeks Picture 8\""
"1949" "\"Its ok though. I'm going to absolutely OWN IT next semester. I will not accept anything lower than a B\""
"1950" "\"This, of course, leads to a love triangle as the series goes forward. Dogu-chan, initially views Makoto as a servant, but discovers that she has feelings for him as he focuses his attention towards Kimika.\""
"1951" "\"The Beginning and the End.\""
"1952" "\"In short, they will be the only game in town, and that means you and I will pay more for our cell phones. It will lock Canada behind the rest of the world on mobile communications, cripple essential innovation, limit social progress, and drain your wallet every month.\""
"1953" "\"Fortunately, that was also the only blog post I ever published on that WordPress site since I moved back to Blogger after all the frustrations. Even so, I still went into a frenzy trying to remove the blog.\""
"1954" "\"Not only have I saving myself money but time! not to mention my freezer looks organized! I know exactly what is in it now!\""
"1955" "\"Beervana - was a phrase coined in Oregon to describe the burgeoning craft beer movement that had taken hold here in the 1980s. And indeed, it's an apt description, as those who are actively involved in the beer community think of it a near-religious experience to make and enjoy well-made brew.\""
"1956" "\"Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350F.\""
"1957" "\"Anyways, Ask them a couple simple questions….\""
"1958" "\"This is the March 2012 Swatch Posts Catch Up! If you missed anything from March, no worries; just browse through the topics below and click on one to check it out.\""
"1959" "\"76. The Replacement Brenna Yovanoff\""
"1960" "\"I don’t understand why you’re still yelling at me. That’s hurtful. And I thought this was my money, how can you give it to someone else?\""
"1961" "\"*yawn* Yes, this old thing. I had originally planned to do the Stonefly shoes again, but then I felt like not having the ol' toes enclosed, you know? With all this daring pattern mixing I've been doing, my confidence has taken a turn up the rollercoaster, so I tossed these little leopard wedges into the mix.\""
"1962" "\"Roll each piece into an 18″ long rope. Then, shape them into pretzels by making a loop with the dough and then twisting the ends together and tucking them into the bottom (I just laid the ends on top as shown and they turned out fine). Place all of the pretzels on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. For the topping, stir the sugar into the water until dissolved, and then brush the mixture over the pretzels (it helps the pretzels brown nicely, and it helps the salt stick, too). Sprinkle the pretzels with kosher or coarse-grain salt, if desired.\""
"1963" "\"- Door may be locked indefinitely at an undetermined future date\""
"1964" "\"Jeanne Faulkner – Oregon’s CARE advocate, ex-labor & delivery nurse, writer & editor\""
"1965" "\"Still, I set up an appointment for today with a therapist I had worked with in the past. I realized that the next time I spoke with my friend, I didn’t want to lay my stuff on him as he had done with me.\""
"1966" "\"Next one from China Glaze Spring collection will be ELECTROPOP Lights & Brights!\""
"1967" "\"when he has learned to harness the lightning,\""
"1968" "\"Some very good things happened this year, thanks to a strange, leaderless, constantly morphing group of protestors. Who have only had the last three and a half months to make their mark!\""
"1969" "\"This post is full of lots of random news. Nothing that will change your life though, so don't go getting too excited on me now.\""
"1970" "\"Put these ponderings to rest: the omniscient Facebook sees it all.\""
"1971" "\"Even outside the church, I could see sexism, such as when Hillary Rodham Clinton was castigated because she said she didn't \\"stay home and bake cookies.\\" To hell with all of that, I decided. I'd live on sandwiches, ramen, and take-out. I didn't need to keep a home; I needed to keep a suitcase packed.\""
"1972" "\"I will be very up front and admit that I have very little tolerance for that variety of soft-minded new age pabulum where misguided wannabe-sages and errant advice-givers like Wayne Dyer and Paulo Coehlo are trying to convince people to give up guilt and anger.\""
"1973" "\"3. Make my bee block for Beejeebers. This one looks relatively easy, so I should be able to cross this off my list quickly. The photo above is courtesy of Linzsews.\""
"1974" "\"The consortium also will enhance student education in stem cell biology, and educate and inform the public, through outreach, about stem cell research in the region.\""
"1975" "\"What do you want to be doing?\""
"1976" "\"Here is what the results were as of two minutes ago:\""
"1977" "\"What do you think of a magazine like this- sans ads?\""
"1978" "\"Wouldn't you have rather had honesty? Honesty really is a gift.\""
"1979" "\"So for the first 5 people (and their blogs in no particular order, trust me) I am nominating for the Award:\""
"1980" "\"What is it about men that propel them toward sex even when the context of the situation isn’t sexual?\""
"1981" "\"You are untouched.\""
"1982" "\"It reminds me of forcing branches to bloom but it's actually alive and growing. We don't have the space for this tree to be planted so I will use it as a plant, maybe bringing it outside in the summer.\""
"1983" "\"Batter\""
"1984" "\"This is the only face scrub that I use really. I have a lot that I'll sometimes use but this is the one that I always go back to. Mainly because it's very gentle but also has a nice cooling effect on the skin. I'll use this about 2-3 times a week before applying a face mask or face tanning and the best thing about it is that it's really great at making my pores appear smaller and reduced.\""
"1985" "\"Pitfalls\""
"1986" "\"In the meantime, I've been taking pictures with my iPhone. Although I think the iPhone takes pretty good pictures, they're not the best photos to enlarge. The iPhone is the only thing I have to work with right now so forgive my not-so-perfect shots.\""
"1987" "\"And do it over and over again.\""
"1988" "\"Something you may not notice on this final picture of the ant trying to run off with the popsicle is the subtle tones in the gray body.\""
"1989" "\"So there you have it everyone, hope you enjoyed it. Pass it on to your friends and make sure you comment below so we can get this list up to 100.\""
"1990" "\"The Spirit of prophecy\""
"1991" "\"Here my daughter stands in her perfect little world, as part of a perfect little unit consisting of Mommy, Daddy, and her. Now, here comes this new person set to infiltrate her perfect little unit and life. Now, to add insult to injury, my little girl can’t even just have a birthday to herself?\""
"1992" "\"There are times when most of us want to pamper ourselves and buy ourselves the products that not only represent our style statement but, also add more to our social status. One such product is the watches. While the world markets have been introduced with the most sophisticated personal accessories that have found their way into our daily lives, nothing can be compared to the elegance of a good watch.\""
"1993" "\"I am terribly disappointed that I was unable to properly participate in the webinar today. The facilitator Carole took over and read from my .ppt notes. Thanks Carole! I don't know why my microphone failed me, but I could not get a response, no matter what I tried.\""
"1994" "\"3:9 – Theophylact draws a textual parallel I hadn’t seen before; in Matthew 27:51 the stones of the earth are broken. No doubt the tumultuous events immediately following Jesus’s death had an impact on gentile observers (such as the centurion at Gulgatha), meaning that God very well did raise descendants of Abraham from the stones. At the same time, I don’t want to downplay the immediate meaning of the text, where John is clearly speaking in a more literal sense to render silly the Pharisaic claim to Abrahamic blessing.\""
"1995" "\"Stolichnaya Red – 40%\""
"1996" "\"\\"Just in terms of autonomy and control over policy, that's one of the issues,\\" said Daly. He said he hopes it doesn't come to focus on details like busing distances. \\"It's important to note that, while we don't have the full consortia in place, we have been co-operating for years (in Flamborough).\\"\""
"1997" "\"1) There is no substitute for the Four Gospels\""
"1998" "\"A: It’s the second book in a mystery series about fifteen-year-old Chanti Evans, the daughter of an undercover cop who has been offered a scholarship to Langdon Prep, an elite private school on the other side of town from her tough neighborhood. She doesn’t want to go, but her mom thinks it’s the best way to keep Chanti out of trouble. It turns out there is more scandal and intrigue at Langdon than back home, and Chanti needs to use detective skills learned from mom to keep herself and her friends out of danger. In Creeping with the Enemy, Chanti has to figure out secrets her friend Bethanie is keeping, including her new boyfriend, before she gets hurt in more ways than a broken heart.\""
"1999" "\"What funny things have the kids in your life spouted off lately?\""
"2000" "\"This workshop focused on figure work completed within 1/2 day or a whole day — alla prima. It was good for me to delve in deeper to search for nuances of value, tone, and temperature under the instruction of a master.\""
"2001" "\"With mounting hospital bills and Truman’s penchant for gambling his savings, the situation seems hopeless . . . until his estranged wife throws him a lifeline—the chance to write the story of a death row inmate, a man convicted of murder who wants to donate his heart to Truman’s son.\""
"2002" "\"Not Ireland. Not Greece. Not Portugal. Not Spain........\""
"2003" "\"2) The X-transposed region is a relativly inert section that was transposed from the X to the Y.\""
"2004" "\"But they aren't all gold, the most disappointing Christmas album purchase was the Beach Boys - not a name that instantly reminds you of winter and snow admittedly, but I thought I'd give it a go anyway. It is truly awful, and the fact 'Little Saint Nick' is included no less that 3 times, shows they were probably struggling from the off.\""
"2005" "\"Stove Top Stuffing on sale $.75\""
"2006" "\"From page 203, Berra sounds more like a collector than signer.\""
"2007" "\"Again, from Sott.net. their own post by Timothy C.Trepanier.\""
"2008" "\"I am Jiyoung Lee. I used to be in an awesome band in South Korea called I Love JH. Now, I am in Atlanta, and I work on a solo project called Oh My Melodies and a band called Ant Brain.\""
"2009" "\"With a huff, he continued, “One night I made the mistake of pushing too hard and she threatened me with a bat. It was a matter of self-preservation but I finally got the message. She was off-limits. Thought you’d want to know that she stuck by you.” He paused, eyes scanning the room and gauging the emotions, “I’ve worked this city’s crime beat for more years than I should probably admit. I’ve talked to and dealt with a bunch of people in the police department. Some of them, I half expect to be part of an FBI investigation one day. Then there are the ones that I want on my side in a fight. Meg Addison is a solid cop and a great person. I admire both of those parts of her. I think, on some level, I resent you. To my way of thinking you didn’t appreciate either facet of her. I rather hoped you’d be some panty-waist with brass on your shoulders and not the soldier she claimed you were. I hate being wrong.”\""
"2010" "\"Paul Weston\""
"2011" "\"Blend peanut butter and honey. Stir in salad dressing. This is perfect for banana or apple salads. I would like it on apple slices for a snack or for a fruit dip.\""
"2012" "\"You know what is lucky?\""
"2013" "\"and social, what are youths\""
"2014" "\"I mean, soccer can only be played up to a certain age, but sleeping is a sport for life.\""
"2015" "\"I've seen a lot of gradient colored fondant cakes recently, and they are so pretty! Making one of those is on my eventual \\"to do\\" list, but for today, I borrowed the idea for the green fondant in Tink's skirt. I used three shades, though I think a really beautiful gradient cake should have four or five shades. Next time! (The bottom tier looks white because of the lighting, but it's actually light green.)\""
"2016" "\"titles by author or subject in alphabetical order. But these files, which\""
"2017" "\"All in the golden afternoon\""
"2018" "\"How do you deal with a secret?\""
"2019" "\"Author : Mitch Albom\""
"2020" "\"The following are excerpts from an address by Sheikh Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on January 5, 2007.\""
"2021" "\"- There will be more guns stolen because citizens don't have weapon retention training.\""
"2022" "\"Have a wonderful Tuesday!!\""
"2023" "\"I am almost through with the editing and now that the contents are in place with just proofing and correspondence still going on I feel cheered and pleased. I think it's a good issue and does some of the things I hoped it would do. I take a lot of paperwork with me. Envelopes, letters, proofs. Sometimes it won't fit into a bag and I have to take a trolley.\""
"2024" "\"After staying home for 2 years caring for Princess, I finally worked more frequent last year, and now even in a better salary employment...\""
"2025" "\"Pushing the boundaries of what fans have come to expect from the record-setting entertainment franchise, Call of Duty®: Black Ops 2 propels players into a near future, 21st Century…\""
"2026" "\"But it aches, each moment a scratch on a surface\""
"2027" "\"14.) A Life Magazine Article Changed My Outlook On Life - NOT EXACTLY, Life\""
"2028" "\"Experience shows that the “B” player will move up into the “A” category in about 12 months, where the “D” player will take at least 2 years. So, according to the above, if we put into both an investment of $10K/yr in training, then the “B” player will be selling at the rate of $2mm at the start of the second year, making you an additional $150K in margin than before, which is quite a handsome return.\""
"2029" "\"Environmental science faculty, staff, post docs and graduate students are encouraged to attend – FREE. Refreshments following the program.\""
"2030" "\"Leaving Haworth\""
"2031" "\"write a few words about lily notes in perfume -- not to be confused\""
"2032" "\"At first, the grandmother apologized for the 'intrusion'. I quickly informed her that it was more than OK because I had lost my little girl 'like her' at 38 weeks. The grandmother understood.... the tears in my eyes.\""
"2033" "\"Round 2: Ch 8. Sl st in same st. *Ch 8. Sl st in next st. Repeat from * around, with the final sl st in the base of the first ch loop. Finish off, weave in ends or leave ends for tying onto hat.\""
"2034" "\"Her Daddy said, \\"Sorry honey, but you have to be five years old to play baseball, and you are only two. You will have to wait three years before you will be allowed to play.\\"\""
"2035" "\"The Sharks are currently tied for 9th, just two points out of the playoff picture. The Anaheim team hasn’t played well of late, and neither have the Sharks but they are overdue for a winning streak. Fans hope they can start that streak and keep it going for Monday’s game against the Ducks.\""
"2036" "\"I have been feeling overwhelmed by all the stuff (read clutter) we have accumulated in the 4 years we have been in this house (some of it has been around for much longer), and decided to do something about it. I have been reading Simplicity Parenting by Payne. If you are feeling overwhelmed by all the choices that face you and your children, feel stressed by trying to fit everything into the day, are overscheduled and not overjoyed, you should check out this book. It will help you simplify your children's lives which in turn will simplify yours. And I'm all about simple.\""
"2037" "\"madness.\""
"2038" "\"During last summer’s massive heat wave, Von Pinnon, editor of Fargo North Dakota’s The Forum wrote this: This summer’s excessive severe weather – some of it deadly – has really awakened us to a much bigger issue that has more to do with how we live today. After all, dangerous and deadly weather is as old as weather itself. But how we learn about it before it potentially harms us largely depends on how we communicate, and how we communicate is changing about as fast as the weather around here.\""
"2039" "\"However, the only messages you'll be spreading will be that of rejoice (for sparkling like metrosexual ken) or the spirit of Christmas (as a Christmas decoration).\""
"2040" "\"Verse 1 and 2:\""
"2041" "\"3. (4) Mirai Nikki (episodes 24-26) – Considering I spoiled myself by reading the rest of the manga, I probably wasn’t as excited as I should’ve been. But these last few episodes were really great. I’m so happy they didn’t include the cheesy ending!\""
"2042" "\"But not because of the impeccable service, gourmet food and the miles of leg-room. For me, it's because of people... like Karen.\""
"2043" "\"The Lord again dipped into the river. He held out a golden thimble studded with rubies.\""
"2044" "\"Wake up. Morning devotions. Breakfast. Homeschool. Play. Lunch. Clean. Play. Snack. Dinner. Baths. Teeth. Bible. Bed.\""
"2045" "\"As a teenager, Sahm joined a band that performed blues music, mostly at black R&B clubs in San Antonio. He also got to know a number of Mexican-American musicians.\""
"2046" "\"Well its good to be back and I rejoice in the rays of sunshine currently peeking through the clouds!\""
"2047" "\"Here are a few (but not all) more cards I snagged in the JABO draft. They include my beloved '81s and '83s (I had a couple but needed upgrades); sparkly cards from teams I collect; a much-desired mini from the Lineage collection; and more!\""
"2048" "\"So. I have a thought formulating in my head and I'm going to do my best to type it out. Bear with me.\""
"2049" "\"Intrepid readers, you should be so proud. I pasted an enchanting smile on my face and said, \\"Thank you for your time.\\" and walked away.\""
"2050" "\"Your Friend,\""
"2051" "\"From Time magazine: Somebody \\"pulled the Negro out of the car by his belt.\\" The drivers ''hit him several times with their fists and knocked him to the ground.\\" One of the drivers pulled out a knife. \\"Before you kill him,\\" he said, \\"I want to put the same scars on him that he put on Brown.\\" Said Jessie Lee Sammons: \\"I could hear the tearing of clothing and flesh.\\"\""
"2052" "\"ardent love is as unrelenting as Sheol.\""
"2053" "\"“As that river goes down, you don’t know how many people are under it,” Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe said.\""
"2054" "\"But the political nature of the trip was obvious.\""
"2055" "\"I'm sorry to put the word \\"Christmas\\" in the title, but for all those in denial, it IS coming up quickly and pretty soon we are going to hear cries of \\"where did the year go?\\" and \\"I'm not ready for Christmas yet!\\". Don't say I didn't warn you.\""
"2056" "\"It was so unique, so original, so completely out-of-the-box, we almost wet ourselves after reading it. After that, Josin L. McQuein became our hero.\""
"2057" "\"The moment God saves the believing sinner, at that very moment, that one, becomes a saint and a member of the Church, Which is the Body of Christ. (Ephesians 1:23, Ephesians 4:4-5, Colossians 1:25-26). In 2 Cor. 1:21-22 we read that God establishes the believer and anoints the believer, “God, Who hath also sealed us, and given the earnest of the Spirit in our hearts.” In Ephesians 4:9-13 we learn how God is building up the Body of Christ, “For the building up of the Body of Christ, Till we all come in the unity (oneness) of The Faith, unto a perfect man.”\""
"2058" "\"I miss holding a new cd with my own two hands, struggling to release its surely life-altering beats from their shrink-wrapped catacomb.\""
"2059" "\"federal gas penalty, and 5 mpg better than the Chevy Camaro ZL1. He also said the GT500 has enough torque to snap to 60 mph in first gear; how it keeps from shredding tires at every stoplight remains an open question.\""
"2060" "\"While my husband, Kim, has been blogging for nearly 5 years, for me it's an entirely new experience.\""
"2061" "\"Me: \\"Well, he made you to be my little boy and me to be your mommy. And I sure am lucky because I wouldn't want any other little boy in the whole world to be my little boy.\\"\""
"2062" "\"\\"RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!!!!!!!!!\\" I shouted to FB who took off after it.\""
"2063" "\"1. I love love love the snow!\""
"2064" "\"To my surprise, after mile 20, the course flattened out a good deal. While the grade was overall down, it wasn’t the steep down I had gotten used to, and now that I was on flatter terrain, I was starting to feel the beating the bottom of my feet was taking on the rocks and very hard dirt from the super dry winter. On my first 20 mile run on the Rocky Raccoon Course back in November 2011 I had the same thing happen. I kept running, and did my best to keep my pace up, but the pain in the balls of my feet started to really get into my head. There was an unexpected Aid Station at mile 22. I slowed down to crab 2 more cookies, and as I walked out with an older gentleman, trying to get my cookies down, and get out of my head with the pain in my feet, noticed he was limping and seemed to be really struggling. He didn’t have any electrolyte or salt replacement and said he was cramping badly. I took off my pack, and not thinking gave him my last 2 Saltstik caplets, figuring he needed them much more, and my only Tylenol, figuring I only had 3 miles left. Besides, I remember well the aid station volunteer at RR100 giving my pacer a bunch of Endurolytes to get me through my race there, so I felt like maybe I was giving back a bit.\""
"2065" "\"Ninety percent… and I repeat…\""
"2066" "\"\\"Man, I HATE it when you're right!\\"\""
"2067" "\"“Oh shit!” So I ate a bit of placenta, and there were no more gushes, and I started to perk right up. Then I remembered the chocolate. “Hey, we have chocolate!”\""
"2068" "\"But there was no Call Ahead Seating and no Fastpass for this line. I don’t remember how long we actually waited, but it was a pretty significant amount of time. Long enough for all of us to be starving by the time we were finally seated. We hit the buffet and loaded up in record time and just as we did, the characters started their parade.\""
"2069" "\"I did well yesterday. I've decided that Thursdays will be Wine Night as Thursdays suck at work and I need it by Thursday night. I did indulge in one glass of Moscato last night but it was totally worth it. Came in about 100 calories over the goal but no worries there. Ate paleo all day and logged accordingly.\""
"2070" "\"After surveying the scene, Shimon returned to Havat Gilad disappointed. Calling the protest tent encampment \\"one big, despicable summer camp,\\" Shimon proclaimed that the tent city was not a genuine protest; his impression was that most of the protesters seemed to have come out of mere summer boredom. \\"Once the boredom passes, this whole battle will die out,\\" Shimon predicted.\""
"2071" "\"Sun, 11:59pm: Immense loneliness.\""
"2072" "\"Indian Alcohol and Substance Abuse Prevention Program - Prevent and reduce alcohol and substance abuse-related crimes\""
"2073" "\"So this is set in deepest darkest Wessex in the Dark Ages - the bit from when the Romans tired after 400 years of building roads and palaces etc. in England and withdrew back to a crumbling Rome and before the dashing French Normans arrived to instill civility once again on the heathen pagan Celts of England. However it wasn't really like that was it? I've always been fascinated by that period of our history largely since so little is known as there wasn't much written down but you look at finds like The Sutton Hoo ship burial and the recently unearthed Shropshire hoard and you realise that this was a culture with stunning craftsmanship and global international trade. You can't have that if it was just a violent, chaotic and anarchic place. Oh and anyway the Normans weren't dashing Frenchmen, they were rampaging, colonising Vikings who had only conquered the French lands they invaded us from a 100 or so years before 1066.\""
"2074" "\"When I came to leave Amsterdam it was my turn to nominate a new member. I couldn’t decide who would be a good fit with the current members. Then I met Red, recently arrived to take up a top job at a fashion company. Unusually - almost uniquely - in our expat world it was her job that supported her family, with her husband, a freelance designer, taking on the bulk of domestic duties.\""
"2075" "\"I don't think anyone else in the dining room spoke English because no one else stopped eating their scrambled eggs long enough to even raise an eyebrow. It's a shame they didn't realize how sexy their breakfast was.\""
"2076" "\"I simply bought this pre-made shadow box at Michael's craft store and replaced the dark velvet backing with some of my yellow scrap upholstery fabric. I then mounted two sterling spoons that were gifted to the bambino. Voila!\""
"2077" "\"The palate presents a serious, complex Chardonnay. In a blind tasting, one might be hard pressed to whether this came from Australia or California. The cool climate aspects of the Central Ranges come through and add a refreshing crisp acidity to balance out the fruit flavors. Citrus, stone fruit and some tropical fruit notes are accented by the vanilla from New French Oak used in fermentation and maturation.\""
"2078" "\"As a result, the study said, it can be concluded that “genetic effects take place in complex interaction with other genes and environments, and it is likely the combination of hundreds if not thousands of genes interacting with each other and with external stimuli that influence political attitudes and\""
"2079" "\"As a young Christian, I recall the deep influence of one of my Sunday School teachers, “Miss Eleanor”. She was a godly woman who knew what it was” to keep her mind stayed upon Him”, for it showed in all aspects of her life. She faithfully taught a little band of girls age, 12-14, back in the late 50′s and early 60′s, and her living witness impacted me profoundly in so many ways.\""
"2080" "\"Thank you again for joining us for the Lollipop Press Blog Hop, Day 4. Your next stop on the hop is Angie. You will like her, she is sweet, talented, and funny! See ya around!\""
"2081" "\"This was a strange choice for me to read since i never A) read romance, B) never read erotica, and C) hardly ever like books that have weak female main characters. A co-worker of mine had the book given to her and was totally shocked int he contents (not have heard of these books before). She glossed over what the book was about, and handed it to me. So although surprised and a bit shocked, I did get into the book, and was blushing a lot of the way through! Haha... me and my conservative mind were nicely twisted around this novel and the world that Anastasia Steel would be introduced to by Christian Grey. The first 100 or so pages had me bored to death and I was quickly reminded of the Twilight trilogy. It was funny to find out that these books were an erotic homage to those – but it is very obvious. Anyway, much like Bella Swan, I have a hate on for Anastasia Steel. And much like the twilight series, I was more interested in the dark tones of this book and the ‘why’ behind it. Still, it definitely had enough plot to keep the book together, and enough kinky fuckery for any adult to gape and blush over.\""
"2082" "\"Brush the dough with olive oil (not a lot just a glaze – you don’t want pools of oil) and pop into the oven for 3-5 minutes\""
"2083" "\"76. \\"Take my camel, dear,\\" said my Aunt Dot, as she climbed down from this animal on her return from High Mass. —Rose Macaulay, The Towers of Trebizond (1956)\""
"2084" "\"facilities (about 27 schools) are all whole grain, and have fresh\""
"2085" "\"The battle begins and goes against us, behold through the smoke\""
"2086" "\"OK, but I am going to want a even lower ISO at some point.\""
"2087" "\"No White country has ever been allowed to discuss it, let alone vote on it. And after decades of social engineering, most White people are terrified of being called “racist”. anti-racist is a code word for anti-White\""
"2088" "\"Let's put the prickles down, and try to look at this rationally.\""
"2089" "\"However, I know that I do need it sometimes which is why I thought I would mention it today. I do have a No7 translucent powder that I use all the time, but when I want slightly more coverage on a bad skin day I reach for this one from e.l.f.\""
"2090" "\"As with the Sheridan case, many of the questions were potted speeches, perhaps designed to be a snappy sound bite for the news, rather than to get meaningful answers from the Murdochs.\""
"2091" "\"Continuing my drive up to Wales, I noticed that I had to continually listen for and obey the new instructions the sat-nav issued so as to get to my destination. While it was necessary for me to keep on obeying the sat-nav’s last instruction in the absence of a newer one, I was nonetheless required to obey any new ones as soon as they were received. If I only listened for and obeyed the sat-nav’s previous instruction and obeyed it verbatim and fully, but fail to obey the current and newer instructions that it issues, arriving at my destination will be impossible. This point is quite crucial and important as many of us fail to arrive at God’s destination for our lives as we are living life based on what He ‘said’ and not what He is ‘saying’ now.\""
"2092" "\"Once I got in, I began to regret my decision to join the group. Everyone in the class was either a Junior or Senior, and I am a lowly Freshman. Here I am invisible! I wasn’t part of any group within the class and I was just too shy to ever buddy up to anybody within the class, so I was pretty much always sitting alone in my chair. I’d wait for the next song and either enjoy what we were singing or just wait for it to get over. A skill only kids like me were really good at.\""
"2093" "\"are aimed at your friend in a bullet-straight path.\""
"2094" "\"When did this craze start? When did we decide that the best romantic conflict was when our protagonist was indecisive and insists on stringing along two hapless love interests?\""
"2095" "\"Mom - Yes, very disgusting.\""
"2096" "\"Postmen like doctors go from house to house.\""
"2097" "\"I have a special request and actually feel badly even asking. If you have time and can spare a prayer, could you please say one for me? I think in everyone's life, we go through bad cycles. While things could be so much worse, I have been going through a really rough time for the past several weeks. I am a person of faith and I know that things usually turn out for the best and know that everything will be okay. However, I am going through two major things are the same time and I am feeling overwhelmed by it. If you could include me in your prayers I would so appreciate it. I believe steadfastly in the power of prayer. If you need me to include you in my prayers, too, I would be honored to do so.\""
"2098" "\"After the square, we went back to hotel to freshen up and off to dinner. This time seafood dinner at Moslem Restaurant (Huimin Fandian), Zhong Shan Lok Road, No. 325, Guangzhou T: 8130 3991 / 8130 4664. Or some website listed the address as No. 325, Zhongshanliu Road, Yuexiu District. Tel: 020-81303991.\""
"2099" "\"Here is a little tidbit from the Willy Week: Kells has applied to open Kells Brew Pub in Nob Hill and Old Town Pizza have applied to start brewing at their Vanport location.\""
"2100" "\"Spellcasting 301 – Spring Break\""
"2101" "\"I would really like to touch base with a manager on this policy. It seems completely contrary to the Trump reputation and everything it stands for. However, I was unable to find Manager information (in addition to the \\"Gathering Policy\\") published on your website.\""
"2102" "\"Sheriff explains that since he already paid out the bounty it'll be a couple of days until he can get some more reward money. That means Hex and Smith are gonna have to hang around town for a spell. As they head for the saloon they pass a discarded flyer for Doc \\"Cross\\" Williams Wagon of Miracles.\""
"2103" "\"But when the former Microsoft IT specialist went to exit the country on 20 March, he was stopped while boarding his flight by ministry of interior officers. Although Al Raas was travelling on a Canadian passport, he was hauled into a room at Bahrain’s international airport and detained for several hours during which time he was hooded, interrogated and physically assaulted. That was just the beginning of his nightmare.\""
"2104" "\"To encourage pupils to give their opinions of books, Janice McGill, the libarian, puts slips in each library book and pupils can comment. She then types the comments up on the blog and leaves the slips in the books for others to read. GREAT idea!\""
"2105" "\"Romtelecom: “Pay-TV operators can no longer afford to ignore non-linear content”: We speak to Irina Ariana… bit.ly/JDsgPN\""
"2106" "\"I admire so much several writers who write for that website I don't want to speak of, that I feel I cannot speak of anymore (those who elevate in general the discourse over there and the discourse of contemporary literature, like Chris Higgs, Adam Jameson, Roxane, other recent writers). But I cannot go there anymore. It is ugly. It is a toxic space. It is not a safe space.\""
"2107" "\"She checked the time and it was 9 in the morning. She did not speak to Arham the night before. So she knew that he must be trying her number. Hence, started the frantic search for her phone and she switched it on the moment she found it. As expected there were a few texts from him, asking where she was and why her phone was switched off. She immediately dialled his number and waited for her call to get through. And while waiting, she wondered, if she would be able to hide the uncertainty in her voice from him.\""
"2108" "\"First of all, when you pack clothes to come here, it is advised that you bring light and cotton clothes because it is seriously hot here. Yangon’s temperature usually averages at about 27 degree Celsius and it’s hotter during the summer(March-May). It’s summer now and we’re now averaging at 35 degrees Celsius. And Central Burma is even hotter, averaging at 40 degrees Celsius. So, bring your summer clothes. The lighter it feels, the better.\""
"2109" "\"Good Saturday Morning!\""
"2110" "\"Some day I'll see it for myself.\""
"2111" "\"So once I shut down, unplugged for a few weeks, voted in my Provincial election, and felt like I voted from my own voice instead of that of the media and friends.... I felt... better. Then a few more weeks have gone by, and my voice started to come back. It was strange not having her with me, and I'm glad she has come back (even if a little shaky and volitile)... we'll see how it goes. Anyway, something else funny that happened when I powered down, is I got to read. I didn't want to log into the internet or watch the media - and my brain naturally went to print.\""
"2112" "\"power, I though, an actuality\""
"2113" "\"When shrimp are done, add tomatoes to the skillet and stir-fry for a couple of minutes, until heated through. Add sweet and sour sauce to skillet and bring to a simmer. When sauce starts to thicken, add all of the shrimp and vegetables back to the bowl and toss until just combined. Serve with rice.\""
"2114" "\"\\"Oh. But what if the trainees don't get on? I always got on well with Tawny when I was training, but I-\\" Dora caught herself, but Rel knew what she'd been going to say. She made a vague gesture and finished, \\"I know some people... there can be friction with a teacher.\\"\""
"2115" "\"Below is a complete chart of everything on the fast food giant’s menu.\""
"2116" "\"Finally, I thought too of saying that Robyn’s Body Talk albums is 2010′s most precious thing. I want to implore everyone to download it since it’s one of those albums they don’t make available in CDs in 3rd world nations, and I think it is really so good. You really, really should hear it. It’s the best. Do you remember 90s singer Robyn? Do You Really Want Me Am I Really Special and Show Me Love? It would have been so gratifiying to win P3000 GC at its expense by saying at 500 words or less, about how much I wanted to give 2010 a blow job for giving birth to Body Talk.\""
"2117" "\"\\"There were a lot of glamorous looking 'modelly' types with severe expressions. They needed to eat more burgers. The men were small and wore their pants too tight.\\" (Jason's words...)\""
"2118" "\"But, as in life, there are always bound to be slip-ups. Don’t beat yourself up the next morning when you realize you ate way too much or had a little too much vino. We’re human, we’re prone to mistakes, don’t ruminate on it. Just resolve to do better next time and move on. In other words…hit the reset button. We all want to have a rocking holiday season, but wouldn’t it be nice to have a New Year’s resolution that wasn’t “I want to loose the (fill in the number) of pounds that I put on in the last 2 months”???? How about setting a resolution to climb that mountain that you’ve had your eyes on?\""
"2119" "\"\\"Alright, what's this about.\\"\""
"2120" "\"I had a wonderful day celebrating being a mother! Truly being a mother is so amazing, better then I could have ever imagined. To have somebody love you, need you, want you, it's just wonderful! Ella is so big and she is a dream come true for this momma's heart. I never knew what my journey to motherhood would look like, I never knew what I would face as a mother. The fear of losing the little girl who really made my life feel worth while. Being Ella's mommy is perfect. The fear and pain that comes with being a heart mom is just a hint of this life compared to the JOY that radiates from her. Truly, I can honestly say, with my whole heart, that if I lose her, every single moment I would have gotten to spend with her would be worth it. I can't say what the rest of my life would look like, but no matter the future I am honored and blessed to be Ella Dawn's mommy. She is happy 99% of the time, she is ornery enough to be adorable and adventurous and obedient enough to earn my trust. She loves outside and all things girly. My wish as her mother is that I will help her reach her potential and help her to face this life that she has been given with an attitude of gratefulness and determination. Where she doesn't feel afraid to live, where she isn't afraid to die. I wish for her to know everyday is a gift, she is not better or worse then those who have a whole heart. She is loved by her maker, and He loves her dearly. The love I have the privilege of feeling towards my sweet Ella helps me trust God with her and my future. If He truly loves me the way the Bible says He does then the safest place we can ever be is in His will. I am human and I would die before I would purposely allow harm near Ella, how much more capable of Love is The perfect God who knows and created all? How grateful I am for that knowledge. Even though I will never grasp the depth of His love, just knowing it's more then my love for Ella let's me know it's enough. I hope you all had a wonderful mother's day celebrating! Never take being a mother for granted, it is a wonderful GIFT! Everyday should be lived to the fullest, make time to love on the little ones in your life, being a mommy certainly isn't the most glamorous job, and for Ella and I it is certainly not a job where I get to get out often, but the days are flying by and for me I love being a mommy every moment of everyday. Every sacrifice, every day that you spend in pj's, every time you miss a full nights sleep, every time you change a diaper, every time you clean up the same mess for the 5th time the same day, every time you read the favorite book again, it's all worth it, it's all a blessing, it's all important. I have seen too many mommy's with empty arms as the days were cut short. As my heart aches with each new loss I see nearly weekly it drives me to love Ella better. Not through fear of the future, but simply realizing the gift of today. Happy Mother's Day, may you Love deeper, this year as you enjoy the blessing of Motherhood!\""
"2121" "\"When you think \\"Halloween Stockings\\", there's probably;y one of several categories of people who think very different things.\""
"2122" "\"played was so beautiful, it became a question of finding\""
"2123" "\"The U.S. Department of Justice Community Relations Service, UAH Muslim Student Association, Birmingham Islamic Society, Interfaith Mission Service, UAH Office of International Programs and Services, and the International Services Council of Alabama are helping the U.S. Attorney’s Office, the FBI, and the Huntsville Islamic Center present the workshop.\""
"2124" "\"Well, yesterday I had to get outside for a walk. It had been a hectic day where nothing seemed to be working...but I finally had a breakthrough, and it was a good time to get some air.\""
"2125" "\"Nourished from her\""
"2126" "\"The event is being put together by Black Isle Brewery and they've created an intriguing concept that sees the cream of Scottish brewing putting 'their own innovative twist and signature flavours on their favourite German beer styles'.\""
"2127" "\"One of my favorites is:\""
"2128" "\"This is the second beer from my parents that we tried. I had never heard of the Weyerbacher Brewing Co. from Easton, Pennsylvania and was excited to try this beer.\""
"2129" "\"After 20 minutes of lying there I gave up and made coffee.\""
"2130" "\"you probably remember last week when DFW was hit with 17 tornadoes.\""
"2131" "\"Vert: 14,000'\""
"2132" "\"I turned around in my seat. “Plan?” I stared at Julian confused.\""
"2133" "\"I'll be back soon to tell you more details about all of it... for now, just a delicious lemon raspberry cake I made for graduation weekend for one of MG's friends that was getting a Ph.D., and a little bit of the ceremony...\""
"2134" "\"And then...I came across this and went all thoughtful again, the tune reminding me of decades gone when the song meant something else, entirely.\""
"2135" "\"smell blue\""
"2136" "\"From the root the sap flows to the artist, flows through him, flows to his eye.\""
"2137" "\"Big, big thanks to Betty Jo for the gorgeous blog button. I'm such a huge fan of Liz's work and I was so excited when she agreed to create this year's button. You can pick it up over in my sidebar.\""
"2138" "\"After an unusually strong spring season (thank you, Hunger Games!), May is finally upon on us, and this Friday The Avengers kicks of the 2012 summer movie season with what is sure to be a huge opening weekend. Ever since Steven Spielberg released Jaws in June of 1975, the summer season has become a staple in the film industry for its big budgeted films with visual spectacles and enthralling, escapist stories. From Inception to Harry Potter, Spider-Man, Pirates of the Caribbean, and more, summer has become the go to season for blockbusters that are just as fun as they are smart and engaging.\""
"2139" "\"Bring on the Oscars. So on paper, The Scarlet Empress seems familiar. Against that familiarity, you begin to get a sense of how strange and perverse von Sternberg's film really is. Consider the opening sequence, in which we meet Princess Sophia Augusta Frederica, long before becoming (as von Sternberg puts it in an intertitle) \\"the ill-famed Messalina of the North.\\" Young Sophia is played by Maria Riva, Dietrich's daughter, and looks every inch a princess.\""
"2140" "\"Bed size: King, love it!\""
"2141" "\"you need to look at the subtle undertones.\""
"2142" "\"Tredegar has one of the Valleys' nearest things to a town plan – an iron column with a clock on top, around which the centre revolves. Here is 'Spirit of Bevan', a film co-operative. The local miners' self-run health service was the NHS' original inspiration. There's a little monument also to a more modernist social architecture – Powell Alport and Partners' Tredegar Library, a striking, dynamic little piece of Brutalism, a riot of angles and geometries now accompanied by a mural of the town's radical heritage. It bears repeating that the idea of the National Health Service was born here, not in Manchester, not in Birmingham, not in London. And as in the surrounding towns, what the rest of the country has to present this place is out-of-town retail parks and call centres.\""
"2143" "\"Faded stars are coming back from a distance in the sacred year of the Sigi Tolo\""
"2144" "\"Later on, I started to talk with another person, younger than me, going through life challenges and eager to find answers, willing to have someone to tell her what she should do. It would have been easy to start telling her about life, giving advice, playing the « from my experience, I can tell you that… » tune. Yet I decided not to go in this direction.\""
"2145" "\"My only other activity for the week included a physical therapy session, walking around Lincoln Park Zoo, walking to get ice cream (which promptly negated most of the other walking), and hauling boxes from place to place. All of which was fine with me.\""
"2146" "\"I will become a promotional product girl.\""
"2147" "\"I also have memories of constantly fetching tennis balls from the back of the court whilst never managing to actually hit one back.\""
"2148" "\"Yes, that's right! My first surprise\""
"2149" "\"-I like this name more than my hubby, but it's growing on him\""
"2150" "\"This being said; I need to know...\""
"2151" "\"This card was really made for Lisa of http://handmadewithlove-lisa.blogspot.com/ birthday blog hop later this month but I had some doctor appoint ments and was not able to even get a fast card done. Mom and Nana say it could be a nice wedding or aniversary card to. Lisa I will make you a new card for the hop ok?\""
"2152" "\"Don't laugh. When the \\"majority\\" took over in South Africa, the first targets were our national symbols.\""
"2153" "\"Watching a movie at the boyfie's place with his whole family. Then suddenly there is a short few seconds to a minute where someone is wildly making out. Errrrr!!!! I could feel my face growing red. It seemed so wrong to watch something like that with the boyfie's parents and brothers. arrrrghhhh.\""
"2154" "\"Where Derry goes from here, we’ll have to wait and see, but like he said in his Sky Sports post-fight interview, “This is the biggest stepping stone in the world.”\""
"2155" "\"Informed Patients\""
"2156" "\"Christel Swasy, an educator and blogger in Utah, sent me a couple of detailed emails about why Common Core is wrong for Utah. Her blog is here and you can read a lot about CCSS there.\""
"2157" "\"\\"Will you join in our crusade? Who will be strong and stand with me? Somewhere beyond the barricade is there a world you long to see? Do you hear the people sing? Say, do you hear the distant drums? It is the future that they bring when tomorrow comes!\\"\""
"2158" "\"As bad as the comments section on Brookhouse’s article became, it had nothing on the comments for Maggie Hendricks’ piece. This isn’t the first time the MMA community has turned deplorable on Hendricks’ articles, most notably when Joe Rogan referred to her as “cunty” and the community took up for their hero to blast her repeatedly. Now, I’m no Rogan basher. In fact, I’m a big fan. The Joe Rogan Experience, The Bugle and Sklarbro Country are the only podcasts I listen to every episode of. But tearing into a woman with the most disgusting hate speech imaginable for rightly pointing out that there is a distinction between Rogan speaking as a comic (on stage) and Rogan as a UFC representative (on the Underground) is a sign of a deeper problem. With the story on Forrest, another fan favorite, the hate came out full force again.\""
"2159" "\"People often ask me the million dollar question:\""
"2160" "\"“If you can keep your head when all around you are losing theirs… “\""
"2161" "\"I immediately recognized one of the challenge bedding sets as the Poetical pattern by Barbara Barry. You see I've loved it since Jenny posted about it here. Little did I know it was offered in a bedding set at Macy's! (and guess who's in need of new bedding?)\""
"2162" "\"‘Thunderbolts of the Gods’ David Talbott, Wallace Thornhill (2005)\""
"2163" "\"Snack: 10 almonds, 3 dried apricots while I waited for my frozen breakfast to return to liquid form.\""
"2164" "\"Buy e-book: While I beg you not to pirate a free copy of the book, if you want to buy an e-copy, there are tons of ways to do it now. You can either read it on your e-reader or just download it to the computer and read it that way. Or even to your smart phone. This is probably the wave of the future of books, though I know not everyone likes it right now.\""
"2165" "\"It was well compèred by Graham Norton and there were lovely distinctive voices from Philip Pullman (growly bear Iorek), Alan Bennet (Nation's favourite Teddy bear), Margaret Atwood, Tracy Chevalier, Rupert Everett - heavens, too many stars to name. And Boris Johnson.\""
"2166" "\"The other day, I had to tell a sweet but ineffective teacher that she wouldn’t have a job next year. I came home and cried. While there isn’t room in the classroom for ineffectiveness, it breaks my heart to be the one to shut a door.\""
"2167" "\"Instead of making him an appointment I questioned him, and then sent him to the ER. I had dinner in the oven and no hope of child care until 7:30pm so it was the best I could do. Honestly, I thought it would probably turn out to be nothing. Maybe it was just a panic attack or heartburn or something really simple. He's only 42. It can't be his heart. Not yet.\""
"2168" "\"From the mean and the variance values, the normal and severe cluster cannot be distinguished from each other while the mild cluster value slightly overlaps with the two (Fig 3).\""
"2169" "\"circle frame\""
"2170" "\"I went to that comic shop as frequently as I could, hoping I’d run into her. I never did. I spent about $70 on comics there. Eventually the shop relocated and I didn’t know where, but at this point I had already replaced the sentiments.\""
"2171" "\"- I love trashy reality TV. Possibly too much.\""
"2172" "\"There has been a theory floating around for about the last forty years or so, mostly in Al Davis’ mind, that you can take Olympic-grade sprinters and turn them into wide receivers. I can see the logic behind it. Theoretically, they could beat any coverage, or become a dangerous kick returner. What it doesn’t account for though, is that receivers have to run precise routes and catch the ball. So much of the passing game is based on timing and precision, and just putting someone in whose main attribute is being lightning-fast isn’t enough.\""
"2173" "\"Our recent withdrawal from Iraq and our continuing difficulties in Afghanistan show that our confused foreign policy is making us largely ineffective at achieving our aims, and this impotence is on display for all the world to see which only compounds our weakness.\""
"2174" "\"4. Finally, would someone please explain these shoes (both the price, about $850 at today's exchange rate) and their appeal. My younger child, who was with me when I took the photo, was puzzled about how they should be worn and suggested that they come with a users' guide. (I'll give you a hint what won't be on my top 25 list.)\""
"2175" "\"We’ve previously touched on the reasons why we shouldn’t copy other authors, but we can learn a great deal from them by finding and developing our own inspiration and creativity.\""
"2176" "\"The very essence of Christianity lies in just that position. I am speaking of the position of complete submission to Christ. That is what we are called to. Andrew Murray says this in his book, Humility, “The creature has not only to look back to the origin and first beginning of existence, and acknowledge that it there owes everything to God; its chief care, its highest virtue, its only happiness, now and through all eternity, is to present itself an empty vessel, in which God can dwell and manifest His power and goodness.” This is simple Biblical truth.\""
"2177" "\"Teracue’s Video-Networking products are used by customers worldwide for a wide range of video-networking and video-over-IP applications. The product range consists of building blocks for professional LAN and intranet video streaming.\""
"2178" "\"While there will always be down times of sadness and scandal in the world of sports, there will always be times of incredible highs and elation. As sports fans we should take notice of joy in moments like a professional league draft, the victories of the playoffs, and the triumphs of those who break records.\""
"2179" "\"Doctors, pah, what do they know?\""
"2180" "\"How to Indy Crawl(and get a sweet limited run pint glass) :\""
"2181" "\"Remember your blog, \\"The Musings of a Wannabe Star\\"? The blog that was on its fourth name when it finally got picked up to be a Blog of Note? Yes, that one. Do you still blog on \\"Musings\\"? Do you still blog at all? Did you manage to fully pursue the Journalism degree? I only ask because you have a history of quitting things; softball, art, soccer...none of those lasted very long.\""
"2182" "\"What do you do when you find yourself sitting down at your own kitchen table with a witch?\""
"2183" "\"Eden heard the sound of something speeding through the foliage, then felt the limb she was on vibrate. A moment later she gave a slight yelp as she flew through the air to land heavily in the arms of the Elven commander. Blue eyes met silver for a split second, followed by a gasp, almost as if of recognition. Then, before anyone had a chance to recover from the shock, she flipped backwards out of his arms, onto the ground, and sped off.\""
"2184" "\"This morning, Chickie took a spill on the hill, and scraped her knee on the asphalt. Nothing requiring stitches or anything, but a pretty bad scrape that started bleeding immediately.\""
"2185" "\"Tuesdays after 6pm - Baked and fried stoner food specials $10\""
"2186" "\"What about GM hormones in milk?\""
"2187" "\"1. Perverted thieves pass laws that prevent us from putting locks on the doors.\""
"2188" "\"Though it's my name on the cover the books I've written have a large amount of Sarah's DNA entwined into every page. I kinda feel bad it is only my name but hey, I'm needy.\""
"2189" "\"So do modern day Leftists find a superior spirituality in pagan pre-Christian religions such as the religions of the American Indians? Mussolini was there before them (Smith, 1967, p. 100).\""
"2190" "\"The kids go out, enjoy, play, and good is showered upon them: Superland Water Park, Bowling, movies, shows, t-shirts, hats, new sleeping bags, and lots of other surprises. All is being subsidized by the Jewish Agency comes with its approval: The best deal in town! Free! No Pay! May every day of the year be like these. Kids don’t need to be in or see war, and I am at peace with what we are doing. However, in parallel, they are working in the department on evacuating entire families from the city by means of all different projects which have come under the Jewish Agency’s subsidies – some with families who will host them, and some through rich capitalists like Arcadi Gaidamak. It is an entire enterprise, a well-oiled machine whose product is transferring people from place to place. When I asked one of the workers in the department what he thought about all of these people running away from the city, and why he is working in it, while at the same time staying in the city himself, what about the contradiction there? He simply answered, “To help the people out of the city, I am paid 2-3 times what I normally get.” So if that’s the logic, I have already passed the point of sucker, and become simply an unidentifiable element, something from an encyclopedia. My friends today, real “friends-at-arms,” are basically the greatest enemies of my way of thinking. So I’m not angry at them, and I certainly do not feel un-needed; only a little bit alone and disappointed. Because in the fire and booms, what scares me the most, is the internal, not the external, threat.\""
"2191" "\"“Thanks, man.” Kenny handed Russell the file. “You got about thirty minutes to get an overview.”\""
"2192" "\"bands of thrash on the Friday and Saturday's line-up catered for the, ahem, younger members of the festival audience with an amazing performance from Biffy Clyro. Sunday made up for it with sets by Motorhead, Bill Bailey and metal behemoths Slipknot.\""
"2193" "\"Storrie goes nowhere near the digital: his delirium remains grounded in the spatial and personal experience of the museum environment. But these tendencies to critique, and more importantly to the expansion of the museum into everyday life are not without their online manifestations. It’s true that net.art remains the great unrealised promise of the internet setting art free, a promise that over-sponsored pixel-pretty shows like Decode fail to redeem. But when with even modest technological means at their disposal museums are capable of opening up photographic archives to the public, teaching science through games, making curatorial processes transparent through blogs and asking the public to contribute to exhibitions years before they open, it seems odd that Google Art Project should feel so like a CD-ROM, the kind of representation of a gallery that those of us who work with museums online for a living had abandoned before the first dotcom bubble even burst. Why has the world’s leading technology company delivered us a ‘virtual museum’ that belongs to the 1930s?\""
"2194" "\"Saturday was wedding day. I so badly wanted to visit the Lancaster Iron Hill brewpub, but was never able to fit it in. Later I found out my cousins and friend went without me while waiting for their tuxes to be adjusted (something I stupidly did the night before). Bastards! Around noon, Chris (the groom and my cousin) had us over the house for “relaxed, chill groomsman photos.” Something I scoffed at before arriving. Bless his heart, we arrived greeted by a couple mixed sixers of Stoudt’s (and some of my grandfathers 15-20 year old scotch). Scarlet Lady, Tripel, Double IPA, American Pale. Quite the lineup. We lunched on subs and good beer.\""
"2195" "\"Well, okay, they are greatly exaggerated. I am still this side of the dirt. I am still driving carriage and still writing, just, obviously, not my Slave Driver blog.\""
"2196" "\"Meetings can of course serve different purposes:\""
"2197" "\"Why did I enjoy this one more? For one reason, there was a deal more humour in this novel. We no longer had the poker-faced, quasi-serious delivery from Butcher. Instead we had the same delightful comedy moments that imbue his Dresden Files. There was one particular scene that made me laugh out loud, which is something to be treasured when reading a fantasy novel (I do find that sometimes they take themselves a little seriously!).\""
"2198" "\"Perfect Lemonade\""
"2199" "\"I don’t know if this is what the fight was for. And what did Team Anna get? All small issues like saving money by travelling on budget flights, celebrating birthdays and failure to pay money for breaking employment bonds were raked up. Mud was smeared on all of them. Possibly there were even people who believed these acts were as bad as the 3G and CWG scams. The credibility of the team has been systematically eroded and people have gone back to believing everyone is selfish and corrupt and nothing is going to change in this country. No wonder no one came out this time.\""
"2200" "\"2. What's something you do only when you're alone?\""
"2201" "\"Published by PhotoIreland, 2011\""
"2202" "\"In these early chapters of Genesis, we have a window into the fullness of God’s plan for creation and for human persons. Before the fall, Adam and Eve were free from the constraints of sin. They were naked and unashamed, and they were free from any urge to misuse each other. Their vision was not clouded by shame. They were free to give themselves to each other, free to make a gift of themselves.\""
"2203" "\"I picked it up and started reading. And found that I couldn't put it down. Zombies play a huge role in this book. The things that happen couldn't happen without them. And yet, somehow, the novel isn't really about zombies. It is a YA book. It has the structures and concerns of many YA books. And it is a stand-out YA.\""
"2204" "\"Do you want to buy a watch? Actually watches provide a large selection of functions. You can buy watches for fashion ornament or for calisthenics aid. Before purchasing the latest watch, there are some hints that you should consider, as follows.\""
"2205" "\"The application will return to the council at a later date.\""
"2206" "\"This song I'll drone\""
"2207" "\"Now Gunnlaug went from Hladir with six men to Lifangr; and, on the morning of the very day whereas Gunnlaug came in in the evening, Raven had left Lifangr with four men. Thence Gunnlaug went to Vera-dale, and came always in the evening to where Raven had been the night before.\""
"2208" "\"We park the Globetrotter in a large outdoor car park with only a few cars in it. We are very much out of season, being here in April, which also has the disadvantage of only Italian tours being offered until June.\""
"2209" "\"2010 Parade Route To Once Again Travel Down 7th And 6th Avenues To Macy’s Herald Square.\""
"2210" "\"Because the Earth is a spheroid, a constructive plate margin cannot extend at the same speed at all latitudes, therefore constructive margins also have a whole load of transform strike-slip faults which allow the ridge to offset, and accommodate variable spreading rates. There’s an example of these from the Mid Atlantic Ridge shown below. These things, once formed, remain as weaknesses in the oceanic crust throughout its lifecycle.\""
"2211" "\"ORG/CONTACT PERSON: Sendong Relief Operations/Reynald Reyes (09167262483)\""
"2212" "\"Even if I don’t contest there, if Umno … you see we have 19,000 or 20,000 Umno members in Jerantut. If every Umno member votes for a BN candidate, there’s no way Jerantut will lose to the Opposition.\""
"2213" "\"For instance, when my brother consistently uses drugs, he becomes a completely different person who I do not identify with, nor feel is my brother. When in wilderness (i.e., rehab), he wrote us letters and, with each letter we received, it seemed that he was improving and returning to his old self. Even though I was hesitant to let him back in my life, my entire family was convinced that he was getting better, that everything would be fine, we could all stop worrying. By seeing this progress, we believed that he was returning to who he was.\""
"2214" "\"I’ve set some goals for the New Year (it's never too late). Twelve goals, for each month of the year. Of course I have some relational and spiritual goals as well, but the following goals are related to food, cooking, and health. I've found that one goal per month is realistic and much better than a weekly goal. I've also found that I learn best through my mistakes, so a full month gives me more time for trial and error.\""
"2215" "\"I can't really bring myself to write about what's happening here. I'd feel like a hospital orderly describing the last days of a dying vagrant. And I'm not up for that.\""
"2216" "\"Today belonged to my husband (a serious WonderDad) for us, because my own Dad happened to be out of town for the day. But he's not far from my thoughts. Here's a small old pic of a wee me and my Dad snoozing together. My Dad is a master snoozer, and this photo is worth sharing for the couch alone:\""
"2217" "\"“Whatever we do, it doesn’t matter – they are animals,” he cried in Spanish, when asked why the peacekeepers were not trying to explain anything in French or Creole.\""
"2218" "\"apparently begun the adoption process. CAIR-NJ has been informed that\""
"2219" "\"Mother and small boy happy and glad to see each other – until…\""
"2220" "\"Mother’s Day began on May 10, 1908, when Anna Jarvis arranged celebrations in Philadelphia and Grafton, West Virginia. (How very thoughtful of you, Anna).\""
"2221" "\"Young Michelin is a five-piece band led by Romain Guerret, an accomplished solo artist who made two albums under the name Dondolo. Signed to American label Holiday Records, they are trying to merge their 90s English indie-pop influences with the use of French language. Inspired by The Wake, The Field Mice and labels such as Sarah Records, they aim to make music that is simple and honest, and succeed brilliantly, as this instrumental shows.\""
"2222" "\"Lou Stonebridge / vocals, electric piano, harmonica\""
"2223" "\"But the person who did was sitting behind us. And the screaming girls with the homemade fan t-shirts were sitting in front of us. So, as you can imagine we were right in the thick of everything. But you’d be surprised that it wasn’t all teenage girls. There were a lot of older couples and some of the first people to give standing ovations were the older men!\""
"2224" "\"“I-I can’t Jack, I c-can’t get up,” I cry looking up at him, trying to reason with him with my eyes. Trying to find some part of the old Jack in them, the one I fell in love with.\""
"2225" "\"With the BK CROWNTM/MC Program, Burger King Corporation invites kids to tell BURGER KING® what matters to them most. BKC has established a fund to help support the Wildlife Conservation Society, National Parks Conservation Association, DonorsChoose.org and Have It Your Way™ Foundation. By visiting BKCrown.com, kids learn how BKC’s charitable partners make a difference. Upon entering BK CROWNTM/MC Codes and clicking on their favorite cause, each kid’s vote helps BK® choose which charity to give back to.\""
"2226" "\"Which, you did. Temporarily.\""
"2227" "\"It's a bit of a stretch to claim Keith \\"worked for meaningful reform of eyewitness identification\\" when in fact he opposed the only meaningful eyewitness reforms proposed at the Lege last year.\""
"2228" "\"I vaguely remember Michael Fassbender from Inglourious Basterds but, to be honest, I never really paid much attention to him. Until now. Damn, that boy can act too. I liked that he looked a little older than everyone else after what he’d been through during the holocaust and the scene in the bar in Argentina was one of my fave moments in the film.\""
"2229" "\"I cannot wait to fill the Easter baskets! It is one of the best parts of being a Mommy, getting to do all those fun things. I have some candy melts to make some molded candy, perhaps Camille and I will make some of those today. We are stranded home again because Joe took the Big Van, so yay, we are not going anywhere!\""
"2230" "\"17 Jenna Gunson W Canyon Country, CA 12:58.5 40:18.53\""
"2231" "\"Marion\""
"2232" "\"She has travelled the world, and is passionate about learning and researching healthy food, eating, cooking, natural remedies and organic products and presenting these in an easy to read format to encourage healthy living for everyone.\""
"2233" "\"It is a contest where there will be one winner (1 point) and one loser (-1 point) with no ties allowed — when the points are added the result is nil, a zero sum game.\""
"2234" "\"He tossed her the bag and she left. One of the shorter men slapped her butt. She was about to object but walked off. Adrien stared at her and mirrored my awed shock. I wanted to save her, she didn’t deserve this. But I didn’t come here for that. Kye’s long, red hair flashed behind my lids. Ms. Valentini would be free after I expose Principal Sal. To Everyone.\""
"2235" "\"One short year ago, the girls used to hide their phones inside their purses on their desks, and text with one hand; and guys in the back of the room leaned against the wall, baseball cap brim pulled down, and cradled the phone just below the edge of their desks. Now, they are unabashedly overt, nestling the phone in their laps or laying it in plain view on the top of the desk and texting “unobtrusively.”\""
"2236" "\"Beat butter with sugars in a large bowl with an electric mixer until pale and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Lightly beat 1 egg and add 1 3/4 T of it plus 2 remaining whole eggs to butter mixture, beating with mixer until creamy, about 1 minute. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low and mix in flour mixture until just blended, stir in chips. At this point, I refrigerated the dough for 2 days, the recipe doesn't call for that.\""
"2237" "\"And the list goes on and on.\""
"2238" "\"When you were a child were you treated with respect and unconditional love? Or were you molded to be the person your parents wanted you to be? Were your passions encouraged or frowned upon? When you were in school were the things that brought you joy emphasized? Did your teachers recognize who you were and what you were good at and did they support you in developing those talents that were uniquely your own?\""
"2239" "\"Whatever It Is Festival\""
"2240" "\"The Danish Prime Minister announced his intention to dissolve the government and step down from his position. Various key members of the Danish parliament struggled to put together an emergency caretaker government.\""
"2241" "\"Peter and Bobby Farrelly have been working on this movie since 1999. According to David Germain, an AP movie critic, the brothers “never wanted to tinker with the Stooges.” Dennis Lim in the New York Times agrees, saying the brothers “strove for absolute fidelity to the original.” CBS News also cites their “loyalty to the subject.”\""
"2242" "\"I finally saw the movie Dark Passage last week, being on my to-watch list for a while. Filmed in many locations in San Francisco, including Market Street, Telegraph Hill and Fort Point, I think it's the best pairing of Bogart and real-life love (and wife) Lauren Bacall, even though the movie did not do well at the box office. But it's a true noir, with all the requisite twists and dark characters, except that this movie has a happy ending.\""
"2243" "\"The Internet has invaded our brains, the Siren song of so many distractions. Social networking makes us more and more like city folk in our ability to hear the mostly mundane, yet oddly enticing news from our friends in mere nano-seconds. Personally, I've grown over-fond of the \\"Submit\\" button, giving my poor little credit card an on-line workout.\""
"2244" "\"2) List 7 things about yourself\""
"2245" "\"It still wasn't bad though. Naturally, my biggest accomplishment was my lace vest.\""
"2246" "\"“It’s an honor and a privilege to work with students that want to get that off campus feel but still live on campus. It’s a great place to be and we’re trying to build a strong campus community. We want to be able to have programming for the students as well in order to connect them with the community,” Krueger said.\""
"2247" "\"Margaret Mahy's book has also had a different title. In New Zealand where Harper Collins published it last year, it was called The Magician of Hoad. And if you go to the Faber website in the UK it has a huge subtitle shown on the jacket as The Battle for the Heart of Hoad.\""
"2248" "\"The carriage roads and the bridges that grace them are one of the many things that make Acadia unique among America’s national parks. I know I will continue to visit and enjoy the wonderful legacy of Mr. Rockefeller and his roads.\""
"2249" "\"It also clips the wings of the criticism of Arsène’s transfer activity, a source of dissension as the summer window passes by with everyone but Arsenal signing players. Last year’s accusations of panic buying were a step too far; I think it only applied to Park with the coming deadline (and drubbing at Old Trafford) forcing the club’s hand in terms of fees. As I have suggested before, I still cannot fathom the signing of Park and will to some extent be surprised if he survives this summer at the club. There has to be more to it than the manager finding him to be lower in ability than the scouting reports suggested but his future is more likely to be linked to whom Arsenal retain or sign than his own desire.\""
"2250" "\"JH\""
"2251" "\"I have seen some comments lately that make me wonder. These comments, many of which are easy to see how they could be made, are not reflective of what we are called to by Jesus. They are attacks of a personal nature and not directed at the sin. We cannot be witnesses of grace and mercy if we are attacking the very people who need it.\""
"2252" "\"Where has the time gone?! And what in the world am I doing in my career? Do I even really have a career, or am I just working? How did I get to where I am right now? Am I happy? I don't know anymore. But I am generally a happy person! I firmly believe in waking up in the morning and choosing your attitude - a good attitude! And invoking grace in the face of others' bad behavior. You know, killing 'em with kindness. Maybe even trying out what my sister suggested, \\"faking 'til I feel it.\\"\""
"2253" "\"Another thing going through my head were the words of Bill Bowerman (courtesy of Donald Sutherland in Without Limits):\""
"2254" "\"The Citadel’s victory in the ’27 SIAA tournament has always struck me as comparable to Charlie Brown’s motocross triumph.\""
"2255" "\"Stamps: September KOM - Unity Stamp Co\""
"2256" "\"If that is of interest, what would it be worth to you? £200 per year, £500 per year?\""
"2257" "\"This is a list of events (I think.) What it's not is a sense of what's at stake for Addy. She loses the case. So what? She's not going to get disbarred, lose her house, lose her life is she? No. So what's at stake for her?\""
"2258" "\"I Am Baker This is one dedicated blogger. Not only is she a mommy and a baker, but she actually takes the time to blog about her fabulous treats and provide tutorials. Visit this blog for a huge array of goodies and instructions for making them.\""
"2259" "\"Here they are garnished with confectioner's sugar but the possibilities are endless. Try them drizzled with chocolate sauce, strawberry sauce or even a maple syrup. It's up to you how sweet you want them.\""
"2260" "\"In order to ‘let’ your networks operate at maximum robustness, however, you must learn about yourself and the world and the ways in which they are interconnected. Understanding the immanent order of the world, that which gave rise to valuation, is what allows us to promote robustness. It is in this manner that network ethics proposes something quite similar to what Spinoza called the ‘intellectual love of god’ as its primary ethical goal. This goal is also quite similar to that of the ancient Stoics, a clear influence on Spinoza’s immanent ethics, as well as Nietzsche’s own attempt to create a ‘this-worldly ethics’. Linking this to genealogy is the project of metaleptics, and it is in this manner that the project of network ethics works to ground itself by valuing itself, and thereby ‘eating its own tail’, so to speak.\""
"2261" "\"PCW Tag Team Champions The Schmidt Brothers: Jack and Joe (R) vs TBA\""
"2262" "\"When you pin your handles to your gathered exterior, make sure the acute angles are toward the center of your exterior piece. Also make sure that your pinched edge is facing up. That will ensure that the sewn edge is facing IN. The sketch in the pattern is perfect. It only shows one side rather than both like above, but it is enough to walk you through it. I really don't have any excuse as to why I did it wrong the first time...twice!\""
"2263" "\"\\"Forget about that. Let's just go back.\\"\""
"2264" "\"known that it was no accident. The princess was\""
"2265" "\"VxVM NOTICE V-5-2-1323\""
"2266" "\"33. Seen Niagara Falls in person\""
"2267" "\"Mia n Frida…love it…BUT as always there are certain circumstance…anyway, I just write the things that doesn’t write above…\""
"2268" "\"But anyway, catching up, here's what went on in the field those few weeks ago.\""
"2269" "\"It may not be too bad for a 12/13 year old facing up to his (very) big and intimidating brother, but too much right hand resulted in a tendency to scoop up rather easy catches to mid-off or mid-on:\""
"2270" "\"evaṁ jñātvā kṛtaṁ karma\""
"2271" "\"So in that sense, my drop-dead date is December 19th.\""
"2272" "\"I've been drinking Pink drink #1 all three days because that's the only thing I had all the ingredients for. There is no hemp protein powder to be had in Shall Oat but I did find coconut water and liquid stevia at the GNC. GNC is conveniently located next door to Subway, I took Junior to dinner there last night. I needed some working time tonight and it was easier to buy him a pizza than cook two meals at home. Subway smelled DELICIOUS and thinking about how it smelled is making my tummy grumble right now! He ended up only eating one quarter of the pizza so it was very easy to pack his lunch today!\""
"2273" "\"I can't use names on the Internet, so I will refer to the boys by their birth order. Here are a few updates.\""
"2274" "\"we men with our trousers tented\""
"2275" "\"By 1911, a lot of the Conklin property was sold and only 25 percent of the original land remained with the family. The Huntington Historical Society owns the deed to the house which was given to them by Ella Jayne Conklin Hurd.\""
"2276" "\"In the overgrown garden the bat-woman waits as Lucy approaches. As the two come together, a shriek like a woman's voice rends the air. Lucy cowers, but the bat-woman soothes her: \\"It's nothing. They're awake -- coming.\\" Lucy feels herself taken in two strong arms and carried bodily into the house. She sees that her bearer is the man in the beaver hat described by Smithson.\""
"2277" "\"Lineup -\""
"2278" "\"-Financial assistance for the kid\""
"2279" "\"The kids every day still jumped up and down at the counter and protested about his insistence on detail. You’d get pretty pissed off if there was a herd of kids ahead of you and all you were in for was a newspaper. People either liked Michael's straight ways or did not. Michael didn’t seem to care either way what we thought. Why would he? It did him no harm. Michael now owns and runs the largest airline company in the world.\""
"2280" "\"communicate how you feel. Whatever Blowfish experiences about the loss of his mother,\""
"2281" "\"Ps I know my creative space is having a break till next year for the links but I thought I would do my own little one today :))\""
"2282" "\"Shock and panic leaped into his eyes.\""
"2283" "\"During our marriage she would cry herself to sleep at times because I would never admit I was wrong; but, then again, neither would she. Though we both were headstrong and stubborn to the death, ours was a magnificent and volatile marriage where passion lived, the drama many times leading to bouts of unquenchable intimacy. But that was a lifetime ago.\""
"2284" "\"a baby who's supported while crying learns that big feelings, while maybe scary and overwhelming, are okay to have and aren't going to be shushed or distracted away, however lovingly – and certainly are not going to be punished.\""
"2285" "\"3 beets, peeled and shredded\""
"2286" "\"Fuller Limited Edition\""
"2287" "\"As the camera waltzes around the band members, it catches moments in the life of the city. Tourists wandering around a landmark, Metro-North workers pausing from their work to enjoy the music, and children taking it all in. And then there are the New York commuters who ignore the four musicians, either because they have a train to catch or they just don’t acknowledge anything out of the ordinary during their commutes.\""
"2288" "\"The FLSA’s child labor provisions, in short, are labor laws designed to protect the educational opportunities of youth and prohibit their employment in jobs that are detrimental to their health and safety. Essentially, the FLSA restricts the hours that individuals under 16 years of age can work and lists hazardous occupations too dangerous for young workers to perform.\""
"2289" "\"Do you do accessories every day?\""
"2290" "\"A counselor who knew him told me that he hated the airport. Guys in his recovery program had talked about it and how the heroin and cocaine that was a big part of street life came through Lafleur on light planes flying in from the Martha's Vineyard or further south. Staring down at the wreckage of the phone, he saw something glinting on the ground. A key, with a tag attached. On the tag was a woman’s name, and a plane registration number. Click here to read the story.\""
"2291" "\"Pantina\""
"2292" "\"Don’t hate Monday. Love your weekend. It’s only 5 days till the next one. I see some people ruining their weekend because they hate Monday. Screw that, I’m going to enjoy the time I have when I have it, instead of waiting for something bad.\""
"2293" "\"Mexico was always temporary so plants didn't feature. Spain had that same kind of temporary feel, so we resuscitated some geraniums, but didn't really lovingly grow anything. Paris always felt a bit more permanent so out came the window boxes again and for a while there I dallied with growing vegetables and grew the world's smallest beetroots. It could have gone into the Guinness book of records if I had contacted them. Apart from 'Grateful' a palm we found abandoned at the end of the road one night, plants sort of petered out of my life for a while there and 'Grateful' even gave up the ghost when my first cat arrived.\""
"2294" "\"Caw.\""
"2295" "\"Transfer this paste to a bowl, add all purpose flour to this mixture. Slowly add water and mix to get a batter without any lump.\""
"2296" "\"13. Raps 4 U (prod Harlem Fatz)\""
"2297" "\"Shashi Kiran Lakshmikantha Kadaba, 25, Hackensack, N.J.\""
"2298" "\"Belt- gold, warm grey 5 & 3\""
"2299" "\"Now, if this bailout is so awful that even the BBC can see it, and we know that the \\"colleagues\\" include amongst their number some extremely bright cookies, the fatal weaknesses of the deal must be obvious to them as well. So who are they trying to fool?\""
"2300" "\"Cute as could be, we knew you'd be our own.\""
"2301" "\"I feel soooo goooooooooooood. I feel so joyful. I am super empowered in fulfilling on my dreams.\""
"2302" "\"My husband and I have a standing joke between us, where we do that old \\"sneezing thing\\" and then say \\"Oh do excuse me honey, it's just that I'm allergic to Bulls*&#t!!\\" hehe. So you can imaging my pure (ecstatic) delight when I came across Jodie's newest additions to Stella & Gus!! I'm still laughing now. So is my husband. I just wrote a little message inside and gave the card to him. We have both been through the mill a bit lately with my health problems, and it was so nice to see one of my cards bring tears to his eyes and huge belly laughter to go with it!! Thanks Jodie!!\""
"2303" "\"I'm a bit despondent right at this minute, to be honest.\""
"2304" "\"The long hoped-for dawn actually broke, and with it a breeze came up, making our raft rock more and more. The air under us escaped at a more rapid rate, lowering us still further into the water. We had visions of sinking before the help so near at hand could reach us.\""
"2305" "\"Obeying this one simple law will ensure that organization reigns supreme whether you’re cruising around in a hatchback, an SUV, or a bad ass mini-van.\""
"2306" "\"It’s important to always keep the simplest of reminders at the forefront of my consciousness and so it is a good way to begin this blog site.\""
"2307" "\"premium template with Professional Design for your Online Store. is specially\""
"2308" "\"My alarm is set for 4 AM. And that's mostly because I just can't bear to set it for an hour that starts with 3. Because...no. I just can't do it.\""
"2309" "\"The two of us (Oom Robert and myself) had many discussions on this topic, on which we saw eye to eye. He used to use the term \\"Cape Dutch\\" for the Cape variety of White Afrikaans-speakers, a term most accurately describing them, and historically sound, being a term which the British themselves coined and used for all Afrikaans-speaking White People, especially in the Cape. I normally say that they are Afrikaans-speaking Englishmen (or women, as the case may be), but as I've previously mentioned, or hinted at, this sickness has spread to beyond the Vaal River.\""
"2310" "\"Ye Gods!\""
"2311" "\"Oh, and Bill and I will be giving an illustrated talk: 'The Secret Stories of Cider: A journey around the world's most misunderstood drink'. It's going to be an update of where we've got to, the adventures we've had so far. As such, it's an absolutely exclusive opportunity to hear extracts form one of my next books months, if not a year or more, before publication - I've never done this before. But better than that, it'll be illustrated by Bill's wonderful photography, which I'm really not doing justice to here:\""
"2312" "\"06/29 - Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Centre\""
"2313" "\"The truth is, if there were apostle pundits in Jesus’ day, many of them would have been scratching their heads even before Maundy Thursday. Tack on another 48 hours, and the hawks would really have been sharpening their talons.\""
"2314" "\"* FREE hands-on workshops designed for children ages 5 - 12 offered the 1st Saturday of every month at all The Home Depot stores between 9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.\""
"2315" "\"AdriN2001: What?\""
"2316" "\"Holding on to the world\""
"2317" "\"Crest 3D White 2 Hour Express 4 ct, Professional Effects 20 ct or Intensive Professional Effects 7 ct Whitestrips $1/1\""
"2318" "\"I must say that I was confused a little by the accounts for this company.\""
"2319" "\"After all these years, after movies with higher profiles and bigger stars and bigger stakes, somehow, I still think this is one of my best moments, because it was my very first commentary track ever, done in the service of a close friend who was also recording her first commentary track ever. As such, while both of us would go on to more polished work, here we were like two kids playing dress-up and going for broke, me as the overly prepared interviewer, her as the iconoclastic director. Sure, I think you'll learn a lot about this specific movie and indie filmmaking in general from our talk, but I think you'll also learn about us and who we were all those years ago. And I think the thrill of the best commentaries is not so much dry information but really gaining intuition into the personalities of those artists that move us, what makes them tick...and in certain moments, finding out why we were drawn to each other.\""
"2320" "\"Physics style loving story.\""
"2321" "\"I cringe just writing it. And even more so when I hear it. When I hear people use that word so carelessly without even thinking I want to hold my children in front of their faces and scream, “really?!”\""
"2322" "\"Our love is old, our lives are old,\""
"2323" "\"Beat together egg whites, cream of tartar and salt. Beat until foamy\""
"2324" "\"“A courtman there is\""
"2325" "\"I received a complimentary eARC of this book from the publisher through NetGalley in exchange for my honest review.\""
"2326" "\"Post show speakers this week are:\""
"2327" "\"I haven’t read a lot of Irish crime, but I’m enjoying Stuart Neville’s latest novel STOLEN SOULS. I like his style – very pacy and kind of in-your-face. He can paint a character very quickly in few short sentences.\""
"2328" "\"Saute onions and carrots separately with some salt and sugar to taste over medium heat.\""
"2329" "\"Contact Mahir Erkan:\""
"2330" "\"Firstly, I decided to switch my course starting next year to just Creative Writing. I have enjoyed Drama this year, but I really want to concentrate on my writing because that's where my heart truly lies. I've been accepted into all the modules that I asked for and I couldn't be more pleased!\""
"2331" "\"If you have a hammer:\""
"2332" "\"Once-Proud Politicians Cornered Like Rats!\""
"2333" "\"I am so glad we are able to talk about things and I can speak freely with Him on any subject and He is Man enough to admit when He might be wrong.\""
"2334" "\"Anticipating a colorful sunset, I had set up my composition accordingly. I was patiently waiting when, just before reaching the horizon, the sun slipped beneath a cloud and for about 90 seconds painted the canyon’s rim with the brightest, warmest light imaginable. When the light popped I quickly jettisoned my colorful sky composition and scanned the rim for a subject painted by the sunlight. When my eyes fell on this tree I quickly evaluated the scene for the best way to emphasize the tree and foreground light.\""
"2335" "\"Thanks in advance for being cool about it.\""
"2336" "\"As you may notice there are no pictures of her doing her tap dance. They don't allow flash photography at the actual review. So you have to go to the rehearsal to take any pictures and photos that you may want. Well she came out on stage to do her tap dance during the rehearsal and saw me in front of the stage ready to take pictures and broke down to tears. She wouldn't stop so she walked over to me and I was holding. I had about convinced her to go back on stage and practice with her class when a girl did a shuffle step and her tap shoe flew off and hit Gabby in the back. After that there was no convincing her. Luckily the night of the show she was all smiles and performed all of her dances perfectly. We are so proud of her and so excited for all the future dance reviews we get to go to. (Especially Kessee ;) )\""
"2337" "\"How do you keep going at work when it seems as if the bottom has dropped out of your personal world? Sometimes a divorce can make even the most mundane tasks seem difficult and leading a company or running a business can seem beyond you.\""
"2338" "\"The way I do it is - I go fuzzy - I want to blur the boundary between your nervous system and mine. And then - I want to to be really, really curious about what's going to happen next. So I go curious and I go fuzzy-fuzzy ... I want my point of concentration, where my mind is, to be in there, about where your centre is. Now, I'm guessing that what happens is, people dance like it makes sense to dance in classes, which mostly isn't like that.\""
"2339" "\"Lisa: No.\""
"2340" "\"And once we arrived, LLC drank everything in and coped with the heat like a native. We made sure to bring her inside during the middle of each day for a nap and some down time, but aside from that, a UFV sun suit and hat from Konfidence and a healthy dose of sun cream each day, LLC was business as usual. Running around, exploring, splashing, chatting and people watching.\""
"2341" "\"The inevitable resistance by the working-class native population — along with parts of the literate middle class — prompted repeated attempts on the part of Western governments, the EU, and the UN to suppress what is variously known as “racism”, “xenophobia”, and “Islamophobia”.\""
"2342" "\"And everyone feels this way in the beginning\""
"2343" "\"160g cold water\""
"2344" "\"How are other councils counting? Are they all centralising on Friday or will some results become available on Thursday night / the early hours of Friday morning?\""
"2345" "\"8. Buck – Buck Brannaman is the real-life horse whisperer. This is a documentary about him (and also, implicitly, my pick for BEST DOCUMENTARY). Having witnessed the way horses were trained (beating them when they did something “wrong”), Buck knew there was a different way. How this ties into the way he himself was raised is adds more heartbreaking depth to the film. I can’t really point to what film-making strategies make Buck one of the best films of the year, but all I know is it tells a powerful story and tells it well.\""
"2346" "\"- 1 fried egg as garnish (optional)\""
"2347" "\"“No, no, Esssstifff, you go ahead and vork out your two weeks, and on your last day ve vill have Champagne!”\""
"2348" "\"They were a lot easier to make than I though they'd be—just add water and oil, knead, roll out, cut and bake:\""
"2349" "\"“My father always told me that if you keep walking, you will reach your destination. Along the way, it may rain and someone (or something) might get in your way and end up slowing you down.\""
"2350" "\"Sudanese officials said that South Sudan’s fighters have exercised deliberate sabotage and set fire on the oil infrastructure in Heglig.\""
"2351" "\"Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ I was pointing out that lone parents have been stigmatised with such terms.\""
"2352" "\"I saw her several times in the ensuing years. She seemed to have mellowed, to have dropped some of the anger she cloaked herself in, but was still caught in poverty and abuse according to what she confided to me one time when she visited me after school.\""
"2353" "\"The media (Corporate Media) for far too long have not informed the people well and kept us pretty much in the “unknown” for a reason. I am sure we will hear the media reporting the protesters are young people, lazy and don’t want to work, or they are hippies, or their arresting them because they are trouble makers. Don’t believe it! Don’t be fooled!\""
"2354" "\"On Sunday we went to do some tea shopping in Comercial Mexicana. We found tea, and we found something else as well. I had never paid attention to the store’s bakery. Always ran through it. This time, however, I noticed something. Loaves of dark-coloured baked goods, placed with indulgent carelessness into wicker baskets, presenting their good side to the world.\""
"2355" "\"Enjoy your freedom today\""
"2356" "\"2 days a go a Belmont man was found murdered in his bed….now another body has been found in Belmont with a bag over its head….repeat after me, “The SoE was a Success”…..”21st Century Policing is Working”……”We Have a Comprehensive Crime Plan”.\""
"2357" "\"Ed Bishop who starred in this actually lived in the village next to me when I was a kid and his daughter went to my school. You used to see him driving around town in his Hillman Imp. I said hello to him a couple of times in the Co-Op and the Post Office, but always went bright red so as I got older I just worshipped him from a distance.\""
"2358" "\"1. Heat some oil in a pan and stir fry the carrots until cooked through. Season with salt. (Everything should be seasoned more salty than usual because the rice is not seasoned and it will balance it out.)\""
"2359" "\"9And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.\""
"2360" "\"RIFT, by Andrea Cremer\""
"2361" "\"Yep. My underwear depresses me.\""
"2362" "\"Sue Tibballs, chief executive of the Women’s Sport and Fitness Foundation (WSFF), said that was unacceptable. Tibballs said: “Saudi Arabia’s current refusal to send sportswomen to the Olympics puts them directly at odds with one of the IOC’s fundamental principles as laid out within the Olympic Charter.\""
"2363" "\"What made you want to become a writer?\""
"2364" "\"Telugu superstar Ram Charan Teja is all set to make his Bollywood debut with the 2012 version of Zanjeer, opposite one of B-town’s highest paid actresses, Priyanka Chopra. And to peeve the fans of Charan, speculations about PC being paid more than their star was enough. And as expected, rumours are afloat about his Telugu fans being upset and wanting to make it clear that Charan flies high with a 12 crore remuneration, and PC lags behind with a reported 5.5 crore price tag.\""
"2365" "\"Unlike Nashville, who has Shea Weber, Ryan Suter, and Mike Fisher, Phoenix does not have big names like the Predators necessarily. Captain of the Coyotes, Shane Doan, was drafted in the 1995 NHL Draft by the former Winnipeg Jets, who ultimately moved to Phoenix in 1997. Doan is just about nine years Predators captain Shea Weber’s senior and, although experience and wisdom comes along with age, Weber’s physique and youth may overpower Doan in the long run.\""
"2366" "\"I forgive that I have accepted and allowed myself to, without question accept the experience I have of/as myself towards/in relation to sex and relationship.\""
"2367" "\"Finally, on this Thanksgiving 2010, I hope you all had a great day with family and feasting. One of the things I am thankful for is that fine folks like you stop by here now and then.\""
"2368" "\"In parallel, the supply chain will also change, and this will have an impact on global trade. As objects are increasingly printed locally the number of items that are manufactured and transported from remote, low cost economies will be reduced. There is likely to be an opportunity for low cost economies, however, to produce the consumables required for 3D printing, such as the build materials used by 3D printers.\""
"2369" "\"We hope that everyone enjoys the day because today is the day where everyone gets to be Irish ;) It is a day where I spend some time thinking of my own Irish Grandfather up in heaven and his beautiful wife who's birthday would have been two days from now. It is also a day to celebrate a beautiful little girl who turns 4 today!!\""
"2370" "\"Commentators, speak of a “common British character” as if British genes are injected into arrivals at what is laughably called 'Immigration control'. A British character is no more something one develops by the act of getting off a plane at Heathrow than a French Character is something you gain by arriving at Paris Charles de Gaulle.\""
"2371" "\"That is an age-old question. Cave men had it made. They firmly believed in kidnapping and taking their date to a filthy cave out in the middle of nowhere. Those were what was known as the good old days. Now days first date destinations and plans are a little trickier. First let’s cover where NOT to go on a first date.\""
"2372" "\"Perez Hilton told B96/Chicago this morning, “Miley Cyrus was in the hospital yesterday. She was rushed to the emergency room late Monday night after cutting herself badly enough with a kitchen knife to be hospitalized.”\""
"2373" "\"So on the rare occasion when I actually get to cook for myself, I just get freakishly giddy. At about 5:45 today I realized, \\"Holy crap! I'm home alone tonight, and I can eat whatever I want!!\\" So I went to Whole Foods without a list and just decided to see what sounded good and ended up in my little basket.\""
"2374" "\"EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—Some more film-review catch-up today. First up: Does South Korean director Bong Joon-ho's portrait of an extremely overprotective mother compare at all with my own mother's brand of overprotectiveness?\""
"2375" "\"What a wonderful treasure.\""
"2376" "\"pop)\\", a brilliant subversion of the star biography, Fred Vermorel\""
"2377" "\"Tunisia has no tradition of independent constitutional justice. It is starting from zero. Established by presidential decree in 1987, the Constitutional Council, which ceased to exist after the (January 2011) Revolution, when the Constitution was repealed, was complicit in the dictatorship of Ben Ali. Can a constitutional court, which has long indulged in a servile/auxiliary role of the state, fulfill its cultural revolution and become the guarantor of rights and freedoms? Will it be given the means to do so?\""
"2378" "\"Right back on track for everyone now. So many issues get addressed in this action packed book. Cults, parent-daughter relationships, life of high flying business men, a little bit of a futuristic style with some of the houses, paranormal with angels, mild teen romance, life of spies and criminals.\""
"2379" "\"“I’m on my way to see a friend.”\""
"2380" "\"Activate your background layer, floodfill white\""
"2381" "\"Exercise produces ROS (Reactive Oxygen Species) and Vitamin C is thought to hinder this. ROS expedites the metabolism and improves insulin production.\""
"2382" "\"You can tell a lot about the car by reading the vehicle identification number (V.I.N). This number can usually be seen by looking trough the windshield where the dash meets the firewall and the bottom of the windshield, foward from the steering wheel. The number is mounted on a plate so that it can be easily viewed from the outside of the car. The number can also usually be found on a plate or sticker in one or more locations around the car, popular places being under the hood and on one of the door jambs visible when the door is open.\""
"2383" "\"December 23\""
"2384" "\"image of my SPUNKY sitting alone in the nest, in my\""
"2385" "\"I wept on hearing what they had to say,\""
"2386" "\"Add in the butter and knead briefly until smooth and elastic.\""
"2387" "\"Attainability: MARRIED\""
"2388" "\"When we reduce our gospel story to a moral lesson we are not helping our kids. That will only make them self-righteous little Pharisees. Even Jesus condemned the Pharisees for reading the Old Testament to find rules to follow (John 5:29; Matt. 23:1-39). Wouldn’t it be so much more glorious to tell our kids how the Bible is really one story with one Hero who has done for us all the things we are incapable of accomplishing for ourselves?\""
"2389" "\"I want to take this opportunity to welcome Bobbi Sheahan and Kathy DeOrnellas, Ph.D. to present a carefully prepared introduction on autism for the rest of us. This should come as a welcomed post to my followers, many of whom take an active interest in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Asperger. This is a cause I have taken an active interest in for several months. I consider this to be a special presentation.\""
"2390" "\"Appenzeller cheese is produced in Northeast Switzerland. It is made from cow’s milk and is a hard cheese. An herbal brine is applied to cheese during curing to promote the rind. There are 75 dairies producing Appenzeller. This is a pretty good photo because it shows the small holes and the golden rind. It smells strong but it does not taste as strong as it smells. It melts nicely on the tongue and is smooth. It had taste characteristics similar to the Mont Vully. It was mildly salty, earthy, nutty and lightly fruity. I could not decide if I preferred the Appenzeller or the Mont Vully. They are a bit different but I liked them both in a way I find hard to describe.\""
"2391" "\"in liquid form\""
"2392" "\"There are so many books I want to read now that I don't tend to read books for pleasure more than once. I have read many children's books over and over because that is how I share my love of books with kids. I have probably read Charlotte's Web over 25 times!\""
"2393" "\"States, (and many more to come,)\""
"2394" "\"ETA on 4/29/12: Since this post, 2 of my 6 children have actually developed MRSA boils. The first one was very large and freaked me out, so we treated it with Bactrim and after 10 days it still wasn't completely gone. I decided it was time for natural remedies. After 24 hours on colloidal silver it was GONE. Since then, I've treated 4 boils naturally and within 48 -72 hours they are gone. Only the high ppm colloidal silver works to get rid of them. We use 400ppm from this company. Make sure to order the extra strength. My foster kids with poor immune systems are the only ones who seem to suffer from the MRSA boils. As soon as they develop one, I gently squeeze out as much pus as I can and then spray on a mixture of colloidal silver and tea tree oil. Then they get 1/ml orally of 400ppm colloidal silver 3/times a day until it's gone. I've since discovered that if I give them 1/ml every day, once a day, it keeps the boils away. One other remedy I do in conjunction that I believe is extremely important and essential is homeopathic silicea. I give them 2 tablets every day until it's gone. Homeopathic silicea has proven to be an absolute must-have remedy for my foster children. It is great for vaccine injuries, failure to thrive, and really just poor health in general. For more info on it, see this link. It does an excellent job at stimulating appetites! Plus, it is a remedy that you only have to dose once a month or so. The bottle of 500 tablets for $6 is a great investment! Don't forget the tea tree oil also. This is what I buy from vitacost. If you put it directly on the skin, make sure to mix it with another kind of oil so it doesn't burn. I use coconut oil. Don't be terrified of this bacteria, just educate yourself so that you know how to treat it effectively, quickly and hopefully painlessly.\""
"2395" "\"“I’ve put my children through school. They’re both in America now. I’ve got no reason to stay,” he added.\""
"2396" "\"Stir that all up then add your lentils, chopped canned tomatoes, water/stock/wine and mix together.\""
"2397" "\"I've used a base of Aqua bazzill and layered with white (pierced), yellow bazzill and some Sidewalks DP. The vertical panel is white punched with the Deco Fan punch and topped with more Sidewalks DP. The Zinnias have been stamped in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics (Y21, Y35, Y38, YG11, YG13, YG17, B21, B23, B26, C1, C3, 0). It's been cut out with Large Circle Nestabilities and matted with the coordinating Lacey Circles. The sentiment is also from Zinnias and has been cut out with Ribbon Tags Trio and attached with some aqua looped ribbon. To finish I've added a few yellow pearls to the top corner.\""
"2398" "\"Are just about everywhere\""
"2399" "\"Has he actually asked them?\""
"2400" "\"Taub: So, you’re worried about what it means?\""
"2401" "\"In time the scales will balance and you will find more joy than pain. But for now you must travel the difficult path. Your reward is you will become stronger and that dangerous fork in the road becomes further and further behind you. It may be hard to see because of the difficulty of the path but know inside you are not walking this path alone, hands of help are outstretched at your every step.\""
"2402" "\"Happy Simply Solo Spotlight Tuesday! Today’s guest post is written by Courtney from Clduncan75, the “ME” Project, which is a blog about finding ways to beat back the flames of middle age with lip gloss and, possibly, bikini wax.\""
"2403" "\"i also found some beautiful antique sheet music that i'll be using to make cones for the petal-tossing ... has anyone seen a step-by-step to make the cones? i thought it would be really simple but maybe the paper just isn't the right size? any ideas?\""
"2404" "\"So for everyone out there struggling with an eating disorder, and for all the friends and family members who are watching their friend or child struggling with an eating disorder–remember. You are not alone.\""
"2405" "\"My thoughts immediately snowballed from there as I pondered the possibility of me having secondary infertility. I’ve been through fear and sadness but also have had peace. Looking back at how clearly God’s plan for Ella was has brought me immense amounts of peace. It is a great reminder for me that God has a plan!!! He had a plan. That was all part of His plan and this is all part of His plan.\""
"2406" "\"And finally two strategies that are a little less orthodox – and again, not for the library!\""
"2407" "\"That’s when Lin burst onto the scene, playing exceptionally well for an exceptionally disappointing New York Knicks team, and making the city of New York excited about something for once. (You know… aside from the perpetual contention of the Yankees, and the new Super Bowl champion Giants).\""
"2408" "\"You belong here if … you have a bitter hatred toward Public Safety and the little white Jeeps they drive. Similarly, you almost expect to see an orange envelope on your windshield every time you walk to your car. You are in fact collecting those envelopes as mementoes from your time at ONU to be framed upon graduation day alongside your diploma, positioned above the mantle.\""
"2409" "\"Here is the latest version of the Gloria, made in shades of pink, by request.\""
"2410" "\"Quite a while ago, while shopping at Tar-jay with a friend, I came across these place mats on clearance. Anyone can lay out 6 place mats. How can I change them?\""
"2411" "\"Rrs usually stains.\""
"2412" "\"Well, I guess my birdie has been sold to a nice old couple and my Pop-Pop is in the ER… Not the news I wanted 5 days before leaving the state…\""
"2413" "\"Photo courtesy of FashionGoneRogue.com\""
"2414" "\"And, what would you put on your good excuse list?\""
"2415" "\"The St. Patrick’s Day parade in New York was started by the Ancient Order of Hibernians, a Catholic organization. The Hibernians ran the parade up until the 90’s – now a separate, independent group runs it. The way the Catholics uphold the “gays can’t march” rule is due to a 1990′s Supreme Court decision in Boston that deemed the St. Patrick’s Day parade a “private, religious procession”. Yes, the biggest Irish parade in the world is a “private, religious procession”. WTF. It’s also important to note that the entire concept, idea, and original parade was conducted by a group of Irish soldiers. Better said, Irish-American soldiers. They marched downtown up to the original St. Patrick’s church on Mott and Prince, were blessed by the priest, and then headed off to the Irish pubs to get drunk. The parade TODAY is till led by the 165th cavalry, which is supposed to act as an extension of those original Irish soldiers. It is amazing to me that an organization that is SO linked with the U.S. military, would hold fast to its anti-gay practices even after the entire U.S. military has abandoned them!\""
"2416" "\"Don't get me wrong. I am all for the more well-to-do spending their money on quality things! If they didn't do that, there would be nothing for those of more modest means to thrift! I get an anxiety attack when I read stories in the newspaper about the well heeled dabbling in second-hand shopping.\""
"2417" "\"I sometimes feel that leaves take away the beauty of the trees. All trees have a story to tell if we see them closely. The knots, the twisted branches, the empty nests and the ones with birds still in them, they have some magic, something spooky about them. I always felt drawn to the naked beauties of trees. As a child I used to imagine shapes in the entangled branches and loved to create my own stories about each one of them.\""
"2418" "\"Music and audio playback\""
"2419" "\"I poured over my copy of Cliffs Notes, saw Spacey discuss the production on Charlie Rose, read every available page on Wikipedia and watched Pacino’s Looking for Richard. I find it all a bit hard to grasp, although I felt somewhat vindicated by the Pacino documentary. Early on, while trying to summarize the story, he loses his train of thought and says it’s no wonder people are put off by it.\""
"2420" "\"Tuition fees, workfare, and now discriminatory benefit changes – why does the government encourage intergenerational warfare? Most political books are dated even by publication, but the Malik/Howker Jilted Generation argument just gets stronger by the day. This is a country where the growing numbers of young people sleeping on streets attract little or no comment, and a modest tax on the allowances of better-off pensioners triggers front pages of confected outrage.\""
"2421" "\"07. Broken Home feat. Toni Hill\""
"2422" "\"Best Wishes to you all!!!\""
"2423" "\"I was only gone for 20 minutes---that motel was still rocking---there was a low sound of the moaning of satisfaction---so I dashed up to our room.\""
"2424" "\"I've decided to stick with that word again, but this time across the board. I found that it really does release me from a lot of the stress that past resolutions have caused. I mean, think about it....how hard is it really to do at least one thing better during the year? I don't narrow it down any more than that because the possibilities on ways to improve are endless, I tell ya.\""
"2425" "\"Unless you can know, when unpraised by his breath,\""
"2426" "\"1) I am a moron\""
"2427" "\"46. Grab a fish fry\""
"2428" "\"This mini album is new and was created for this Design Team Call. I made this album for myself. It has 4 love letters that my hubby gave to me one year for Christmas. He tied them up and placed them inside the Christmas tree for me to find. I have always wanted a special place to store them... and now I have. :) This delicate mini was created using Graphic 45's Le' Romantique Collection.\""
"2429" "\"As much as he wanted to let her sleep, Ronan knew she needed to keep going, “Nope. We’re going out for breakfast, so up you go.”\""
"2430" "\"Hope we see through to next Wedding Anniversary.\""
"2431" "\"Normally, if there is an update for the Firefox browser, the update notifications are displayed as popups rather than webpages. A better way to check for any update in Firefox is go to the Help optionàselect “about Firefox.” If the browser needs an update, it will display something that says “apply update.”\""
"2432" "\"“Mornin’ to ya, Vernon,” Abby said with a sad nod. “But not one of our better mornin’s, ain’t so?”\""
"2433" "\"As the aide, Andrew Young proved an invaluable ally to this pretense. Going so far as to admit to the paternity of the unborn child, his role was to fly this woman, along with his own family, all over the country meeting her demands for first class travel and accommodations. Meanwhile, the candidate himself was touting his “two America’s” crapola all over the airwaves as his “adoring family” stood by basking in his limelight. The donations rolled in and his chances to beat back Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton made him a “contender” for the highest office in the land. It could have happened.\""
"2434" "\"Private rents have tended to fall in line with rent allowance even though many landlords will not accept rent allowance tenants. The betting on here is that private rents will come under pressure in the short term but it might take a couple of months for the changes to feed through as most renters will have a couple of months to renegotiate their rents or move.\""
"2435" "\"This being the guiding principle, the AG turned to verify whether such provisions had been adopted at EU or national level.\""
"2436" "\"S: I was born and raised in San Francisco—not even close.\""
"2437" "\"Shoot for the Stars\""
"2438" "\"I constructed the skirt in the style of an 18th century petticoat. This is basically two rectangles attached to twill or linen tape, which are then tied around the waist. The advantage of this is that it creates two openings on the side through which you can access your pockets that are tied on underneath. Koshka the Cat has an excellent tutorial, titled, An Easy, Authentic Eighteenth Century Petticoat. The skirt is edged in 4 yards of gathered black lace. In addition to making the skirt cocktail length I decided to give it a little bit of kick with a net petticoat underneath. I already had a black net petticoat in the stash that I purchased at a theater costume sale. The skirt had one opening in the back and I converted it to the 18th c. petticoat style and adde a yoke at the top to give it more length. Since this is a pirate costume I used a scrap piece of skull print cotton that I can't remember why I bought it. They kind of look like tiny TIE fighters in this picture but are really kind of blobby skulls.\""
"2439" "\"Something in Rel's stomach twinged. It shouldn't be possible for a man so badly injured to be threatening. Stiffened with wariness, Rel's legs trembled as he eased himself to his feet. Clearsight, or perhaps just hunger, brought a wave of dizziness with its headache, but he managed not to reel. The far side of the chasm sprang into subtle grey relief, a web of jagged cracks and creases spearing into the depths. At his feet, stress lines leapt out of the concrete, showing him safe footing, and the cracks that wouldn't drop him into the Abyss.\""
"2440" "\"Have you ever made your own refried beans? How about freezing them or other beans? I'm learning that just about anything can be frozen if you do it right...\""
"2441" "\"SEC. 26. In times of war or other national emergency, the Congress may by law authorize the President, for a limited period and subject to such restrictions as it may prescribe, to promulgate rules and regulations to carry out a declared national policy.\""
"2442" "\"I’d had a pretty terrible cough for quite a while and, like too many men, I pretty much ignored it the best I could. It was just a cough. It was just annoying. I was very wrong.\""
"2443" "\"WHAA has something called the Crisis Test. Every time a figure is lost, two of the nearest figures must test to see if they stay in play or lose heart and flee. This can be quite devastating to low Rep troops like goblins for example . Kill a few and many more will scarper. With average troops the effects can be quite variable depending on the luck of the dice.\""
"2444" "\"The second issue of Pardons (i.e. indulgences) is a concept and dilemma that I talked about in a previous article here. I won't rehash that discussion again.\""
"2445" "\"but i've added a great new feature - an alligator clip to the back along with a pin,\""
"2446" "\"She wants Amelia to start learning how to dress and undress herself! She showed me that if I pull her shirt half way up and cover her eyes, Amelia will want to tear it off so she can see. Voila! Now she knows how to take her shirt off. She also showed me how get her hands in her sleeves and then have her extend her arms by holding a toy above her head for her to reach. Genius! We also pulled her skirt down around her ankles, which she stepped out of because she could not walk with them hanging around her knees (a lesson lost on some of America's youth and their saggy pants).\""
"2447" "\"Did you at least blush when you realized what you had done?\""
"2448" "\"School Meals\""
"2449" "\"File Grinder 0.1.2 – File Grinder is a program for batch file renaming, copying and moving, based on file name templates and multiple file format meta-tags, e.g. MP3, OGG, FLAC, FictionBook 2, JPEG etc. It also has a console UI, which makes it easy to use in scripts.\""
"2450" "\"Alright, Glee. That’s what I’m talking about. After a very disappointing return from the mid-season finale, you’re back at full-power with what was without question the best “tribute” episode of the entire series. I wish that it has not been four days since I watched this episode because some of the plot details have become sort of hazy in the buzzed state of mind I’ve been in thanks to my sinus pressure and allergy medication because the only other episodes from this season of Glee that I thought were as good as this one were “On My Way” and “The First Time.” So, while I’m going to have plenty of rave things to say about how much I enjoyed this episode (whether it was the uniformly beautiful musical performances, the actual storytelling on display during the “tribute” episode, or the numerous times the episode made me cry), this will likely be a relatively short review just because of the sheer amount of writing I have to get out of the way today. Regardless, I’m still managing to find myself amazed about how much I was able to enjoy an episode dedicated to Whitney Houston even though I wasn’t especially familiar with a lot of her music before I watched this episode.\""
"2451" "\"Other stuff: The Cubs finished dead last in 1974, their first last-place finish since 1966. Jim Marshall replaced Whitey Lockman as manager in the middle of the season. Marshall would last two more sub-.500 seasons before Herman Franks took over for the 1977 season.\""
"2452" "\"Highlights: gold lame (la-may) dresses and navy V nails at Beradi, Anna Wintour making her first ever appearance at Topshop Unique, sat front row next to Sir Philip Green, the dog theme at Topshop Unique, long socks and wooden wedges at Mulberry. Daisy Lowe walking for Westwood and Hillary Alexander sporting a high street happy New Look outfit on front row of Matthew Williamson!\""
"2453" "\"84. Apt Pupil\""
"2454" "\"My grandparents' 65th wedding anniversary was a few days ago, and we' are going up to Joplin for a little family shindig, so I knew I needed a card! I pulled out Love Story and the Lovely Marquee Die, and I chose the little background from Grateful Elegance to stamp on the blue. Everything was stamped in Versamark and heat embossed.\""
"2455" "\"\\"I can't cry!\\"\""
"2456" "\"The only craft beer company on this list that is not distributed in the Kansas City area, it's hard to comment because I have not had the pleasure of trying any of their products. They do have some interesting looking limited releases (a maple wheat this month and a ginger wheat in May, to name a couple) that I'd be curious to try, so maybe they will make their way into our market someday. Has anyone had any Harpoon beers? What did you think?\""
"2457" "\"There was chanting, yet it was recorded\""
"2458" "\"Some of the extremely rewarding species of products will be jewellery.\""
"2459" "\"He leads me besides quiet waters,\""
"2460" "\"The ANC has kicked Youth League leader, Julius Malema, out of the party for five yearsafter finding him guilty of sowing division.\""
"2461" "\"\\"S\\" joined me also. She did a TKD class that puts me to shame. She is amazing the work she does to get to be her healthiest. And after all of this she did a belly dancing class too.\""
"2462" "\"Of course, not all the supporters of Amendment One are as ignorant as Alex and Chase. WSOC interviewed Doris and Boyd Ausmann, who live down the road from Alex’s parents, and although they support the anti-gay amendment, they weren’t impressed with Alex’s antics.\""
"2463" "\"Recipe slightly adapted from About.com\""
"2464" "\"* Starting to \\"reach\\" for Mommy... love it!\""
"2465" "\"and the voices seem louder,\""
"2466" "\"There is nothing quite so eye-opening as looking at a bomb shelter adjacent to a children’s’ playground. Every child in Sderot is trained to race to a shelter within 15 seconds, which of course means Sderot is an architectural mixture of houses dotted amongst bomb shelters.\""
"2467" "\"With all the painting I’ve been doing lately, I’ve also had to do lots of removing. That’s my least favorite part, and also probably my husband’s least favorite. It really isn’t the nail polish that always smells so bad, it’s the polish remover! Well, one of the last times I was at CVS buying nail polish, I also happened to grab one of these nifty little polish removers. I’ve used one before and remember liking it, but wow, I REALLY like it! It makes removing polish so easy and even comes with a cool little sponge to use on your toes. If you hate using regular remover with cotton balls or tissue, get yourself one of these! You just stick your finger down into the sponge and twist a few times. It works really fast, doesn’t smell too bad, and is supposed to be good for your cuticles. Glitter polishes will always be harder to remove (I keep some pure acetone around for that), but for your regular polishes, this thing is the way to go.\""
"2468" "\"The entire night consists of shots, eating, shots, dancing, shots...rinse, lather, and repeat. The students don't get vodka, but rather unlimited champagne. The dancing was a lot of fun, too and I think my students were surprised to see me bust some moves on the dance floor. What was also really cool was that the parents were just as into it! They had their own circle and really never stopped dancing either! By the end of the night, I had won a dancing competition and two awards: Best Teacher Dancer and Honorable Guest! I was pretty proud of myself.\""
"2469" "\"With all the fake smiles and grins.\""
"2470" "\"Wooo hooo, I got the media chest instead of the tall one ! I can’t wait till they deliver.\""
"2471" "\"Getting Poste Restante letters in random places around the world was magic. One of my best memories is ruffling through boxes and boxes of mail in Kathmandu and miraculously finding three letters, filed wrong, from my boyfriend who was living on a remote island in French Polynesia. The letters were months old, but without the daily bombardment of communication we get today, the words were golden. These letters were tucked inside my travel pack and read over and over.\""
"2472" "\"Wolfgang Hampel knows a very good friend of author and artist Eva Vargas who is one of the greatest Charlie Chaplin collectors.\""
"2473" "\"That’s quite the mix, isn’t it? I don’t think anyone besides be would stick a Backstreet Boys song in front of a Breaking Benjamin song, but that’s what it is. This list is subject to order changes as I change or tweak the order of events in the screenplay, but this is more or less the inspiration I’m drawing from this month.\""
"2474" "\"I picked up Dalton and we headed over to Darryl's house, which is pretty cool when you have three people on your design team that can get together and brainstorm over things and I drew out a much better -to scale- world map. We discussed a bunch of timeline issues, including the thorny question of why are there Dinosaurs in Garnia? Chronomancy by those ecology loving Elves, or rather their more magically powerful ancestors, the Sidhe. It was a failed experiment because the forces of Darkness launched an invasion into their experimental Chronomantic area, Goblins mainly, driving the Sidhe Chronomancers either away or killing them, are those secrets lost? Were they stolen by the forces of Evil? Or were they simply destroyed? All I know is that there is a pretty cool \\"Lost World\\" area to go adventuring, and it had some weird ancient ruins too, as well as all the Tyrannosaurus Rexii and Veliciraptors, wild Goblins, and Lizards Men, both primitive and advanced, and all manner of other jungle and swamp dwelling goodness.\""
"2475" "\"Her eyes are crossed,\""
"2476" "\"Whoa, whoa, whoa...I am putting my foot down right now on all types of time-traveling wishes. I refer you to the collected works of \\"Back to the Future,\\" just so you can get a small inkling of the damage you could do to yourself and others. No one wants to get hit on by their mom, right? I think we're all in agreement on that. But, I am a magnanimous all-powerful Wish-Granting Dude, so I'll remove all your bad memories and replace them with the life experiences of Tutti from \\"The Facts of Life.\\" Fair enough? Good.\""
"2477" "\"If only the script actually addressed these points. But it does not.\""
"2478" "\"And on the back porch, the purslane which lives in a protected spot, continues putting out these pretty little blooms.\""
"2479" "\"I wish you peace and serenity, despite any last minute rushing that might be part of your holiday\""
"2480" "\"#152 lalkygirl\""
"2481" "\"Purple Day is an international grassroots effort dedicated to increasing awareness about epilepsy worldwide. On March 26th annually, people in countries around the world are invited to wear purple and host events in support of epilepsy awareness. In 2012, people in dozens of countries on all continents INCLUDING Antarctica will be participating in Purple Day! ~ from www.purpleday.org\""
"2482" "\"“But the review has not taken place till now due to pressure from certain lobbies,” said another degree holder engineer.\""
"2483" "\"HOWEVER! I do believe there are times in life when nothing else but chocolate will satisfy.\""
"2484" "\"I still miss Gaspe. But, I'm glad to be home!\""
"2485" "\"3. Utilizing PCB Computer-aided-design software program to design a flex circuit board: This issue relates to the previous point, but prototype PCB software program does not eliminate common constructing and quality design problems that are particular to a flexible circuit. Sharp corners, solder fillets near bend points, not adaptable material strength issues are just some of conditions that normal Printed circuit board design software program does not take care of.\""
"2486" "\"America’s police forces could do a lot to improve their relationship with the public, but often are unwilling to do so, a former Madison police chief turned Episcopal priest said Saturday.\""
"2487" "\"Whatever the circumstance or situation, there's a time when the class is quiet.\""
"2488" "\"Mary Art, research director of LIMRA’s technology in marketing and distribution research, is responsible for new research in the technology area.\""
"2489" "\"forms the first of many\""
"2490" "\"It was a quick trip this weekend. We went to Houston for Grace's dance recital. Friday to Sunday. We enjoyed it, but are glad to be home. This trip brought home to me just how much I'm missing by not being able to miss too many Sundays at PBC. I've got some major thinking to do!!! We saw the video of their piano recitals and some great video of their church play.\""
"2491" "\"I need therapy. Seriously. I love to shop at King Arthur online. This store is my toy store. I have been slowly accumulating their products, and have been experimenting with them. I discovered that the Vital Wheat Gluten really helped my Pioneer Woman Buttered Rosemary Rolls to rise beautifully. The three products that you see pictured above, were going on a maiden voyage for this recipe I'm about to show you. I've used Fleishmann's Rapid Rise Yeast for ages. I decided to buy a bag of SAF Instant yeast, since bread bakers rave about it. Enough product talk... let's talk about yeast. The SAF Instant yeast is supposed to not need any kind of \\"proofing\\". That translates, simply, into dissolving the yeast with some sort of sugar-- honey or sugar, for example and waiting for it to \\"foam\\". I think people are afraid of killing the yeast. One more important thing-- I store my yeast in the refrigerator (some people use the freezer) and check the expiration date! Yeast should be live!\""
"2492" "\"THE MADNESS OF LOVE,\""
"2493" "\"The last song Whitney Houston sang in public was “Jesus Loves Me.” At her funeral, friends and family talked about her faith in Christ. No one knows another person’s heart. But if the stories of her sincere Christian faith are true, then we know that her faith struggled through rocky soil.\""
"2494" "\"I may join with red and green yarn rather than all red.\""
"2495" "\"I would suspect that was the time God started to slowly reveal to the king that he, himself couldn’t make his ‘new queen’ (Esther) submit without changing his own heart. Preparing and directing them both to be helpmates, God’s original and most successful plan for husbands and wives.\""
"2496" "\"Don't you just love this Wendy Vecchi stamp? It has such a lovely look - like vintage lace. I stamped onto white CS with Ranger Archival Jet Black ink. The stamp wasn't large enough to cover the entire tag so I filled in the blank space at the bottom with script stamp from Wendy's Live and Make Art set. To cover the joining and give some extra white, I layered some white paper twist ribbon over it. The sentiment was stamped on the Movers and Shapers Mini Label and then it was given just one coat of UTEE and sponged with Victorian Velvet. I had a scrap of the millinery netting floating around my desk from another project I worked on this week and thought it added just the right touch to my little vintage creation. That stuff was super expensive, but I picked u a few yards to sell in my Etsy as I had several requests for it and it does make a fun addition to a make.\""
"2497" "\"Teddy bear brooches: Wonderful World\""
"2498" "\"I'm pretty sure that the boys think their collective name is \\"Miles and Dexter\\" or \\"Dexter and Miles\\" or even \\"NO! No!\\"... I'm not sure that they know that one boy is exclusively dubbed 'Miles' and the other is 'Dexter'. As long as we can get those college applications (crossing fingers they'll even go to college) or even mission papers in right, I'll consider myself a successful parent.\""
"2499" "\"Worcester Sorcerer, Sadler's Ales.\""
"2500" "\"I picked up another bow top on clearance at Sear's. I know- Sears- how exciting. I really don't shop there much, but it's one of our local stores, so about 1-2 times per year I pick up something there. I'm so hard to fit that I shy away from ordering clothes online. I am getting braver though. I've got some new additions for spring coming in the mail.\""
"2501" "\"Today he oversees one of the world’s fastest growing carriers, which boasts more than 120 destinations in 73 countries. Emirates Group, which includes the airline and related businesses, earned $1.6 billion in fiscal 2010. It expects to post another annual profit later this month.\""
"2502" "\"All of this leaves me feeling weak and manipulated, in every direction, and amazing in many ways manipulated me too, to fulfill a need of his somehow that I do not entirely understand and that he did not either when I asked him why. I can still hear Amazing saying “I don’t know” in response to my asking “why?” It was then I had concluded that he was likely beyond a point of no return… of being damaged by his wife.\""
"2503" "\"The color should be in fact the first thought of any gardener: even if the design is pretty basic, depending on the room you have to spend for your flower garden, the color goes by the name of the flower garden. The color is like a person’s eyes are drawn to your flower garden, be sure and get the most enjoyment from your garden of flowers, if the colors are proper located. I’ve always had a lot of satisfaction from my flower garden during the many years. I have been tending and planning and changing.\""
"2504" "\"Ah, you know, I really sometimes struggle with posting something here as an illustration of what I'm talking about, because I don't want you to think that I think of myself as a \\"good example.\\" For one thing, I know perfectly well that gazillions of you are a hundred times more whatever it is than I. (But it's fun to compare notes, right?)\""
"2505" "\"Two days later, House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) declared short-term deals a non-starter and said “there are no votes” for any grand bargain including higher tax revenue.\""
"2506" "\"A voice is a powerful thing. It can inflect love and compassion or it can evoke fear and frustration. It can even be flat and monotone barely conveying any emotion at all. A parent's voice can calm a crying baby or it can scold a wayward child. It can be uplifting with praise, or show the bitterness of disappointment.\""
"2507" "\"Part of the challenge for the men is finding an in-print jeans pattern. My staff informs me that there is one -- yes, one in-print men's jeans pattern, Kwik Sew 3504. Is this correct?\""
"2508" "\"I am passing to:\""
"2509" "\"(Please note: in the interest of time and clarity, and in keeping in alignment with traditional speaker introductions, these Shining family introductions will be gathered and read by me... :)\""
"2510" "\"He is a Rays fan (and a NY football Giants fan, but we won't hold that against him) and contrary to popular opinion he isn't 97-years-old. I had the honor of attending my first playoff and World Series games with him back in 2009 where he proved that he could indeed fit in the space beneath the sink in one of Tropicana Field's suite. He is also the man for getting Michael Taylor to \\"pound it and lock it in\\" when he was just an unknown kid playing in Clearwater.\""
"2511" "\"Lookin' after number one\""
"2512" "\"Despite the fact that this is repeated over and over in the community. People seem to forget this in every story I READ. I swear, if I had a penny for everytime somebody pretended they understood this rule, yet never incorporated it into their writing.... This is really the #1 thing you can do to improve your writing. Lots of things fall into place if you understand this simple rule.\""
"2513" "\"The week before I met Sarah Hayes at The Queen’s Hotel in St. Ives. Sarah and her husband Neythan only took on the pub last April but have already gained an AA rosette for their food.\""
"2514" "\"The consequences for non-compliance with U.S. laws overseas are severe and can include large monetary fines per violation for businesses, and similar monetary fines and imprisonment for individuals. On top of that, in cases of significant violations, the consequences can include a denial of future export privileges and federal contract debarment, which is particular onerous for cybersecurity companies dependent primarily on business from U.S. government contracts.\""
"2515" "\"Sarkozy urges networks not to show Merah videos; Al-Jazeera: ‘We’ll think about it’ AvitalLeibovich: As the #IDF prepares its bases for #Passover,we remember 10yrs. ago the muredering of 30 #Israelis by a suicide bomber. #IsraelRemembers AvitalLeibovich: The suicide bomber came from TulKarem,exploded in middle of Passover dinner in a hotel,killing 30 Isr. & wounding 150.#IsraelRemembers EoZ gets results! Turkish agency pulls Hitler shampoo ad Breaking: Shots fired at Assad motorcade The IDF’s first priority: The home front Israel’s deputy ambassador scolds J Street to stunned silence Honor Killing in Gaza The Middle East Media Sampler 3/17/2012: What J-Street Convention? Iran and Hamas agreeing to cooperate in case of war Safe belonging to Arafat found in Beirut and the best part is….\""
"2516" "\"What does this mean? A new Aryan ubermensch? Blacks will define the future of humankind and not — arguably — the Chinese? What about the poor, disloyal “coconut” blacks who are not “true to themselves”? In the hegemonic order of the “new human race” will the coconuts et al be among the “prawns”, referring to that movie District 9?\""
"2517" "\"Feeling a little queasy (you know when you sense someone’s looking at you while you haven’t seen who yet?), I searched for a pair of eyes. Still only trees and leaves.\""
"2518" "\"Tensions have publicly flared recently between the bishops and the leadership conference — along with a few other large prominent nun-led groups — over public-policy issues. Some bishops were angry when the leadership conference supported the White House’s health-care reform, which the bishops’ conference had vigorously opposed. The bishops also have focused on opposing a White House mandate that employers, including religious ones, offer birth control, while the nuns accepted a compromise from President Obama.\""
"2519" "\"Revenge' is about 53 centmeters, square. The outside is\""
"2520" "\"Additionally, poker rake-races could be a gold mine for substantial volume rakeback players. Rake-races provide progressive payouts for that affiliate’s higher volume rakeback hold’em players, that will be value hundreds each month.\""
"2521" "\"C'est la vie.\""
"2522" "\"May God bless our troops, and may God bless the United States of America.\""
"2523" "\"and so expand in colour\""
"2524" "\"Amazon has decided that it doesn’t need the publishers’ permission, because, as Amazon apparently sees it, its contracts with these publishers merely require it to pay publishers the wholesale price of the books that Amazon Prime customers download. By reasoning this way, Amazon claims it can sell e-books at any price, even giving them away, so long as the publishers are paid.\""
"2525" "\"Online studies are a great way to complete the educational training required for a career in environmental sciences. With a variety of accredited online schools and colleges you can build the skills and knowledge needed to have a successful career. You will have the opportunity to choose how much time is spent on coursework, and where you study. Accredited online training programs can help you to create the path needed to enter into a successful career in the field of environmental sciences. You can train for your desired career by obtaining an accredited degree or certificate online.\""
"2526" "\"He earned a mention in this column because of one of the legends/miracles attributed to him, \\"The Legend of the Beer Mug.\\" The story goes that on an extremely hot day in July 642, after Arnold died at the Abbey of Remiremont where he moved after his retirement, the parishioners from Metz showed up to claim his remains.\""
"2527" "\"JUST A NOTE: I show a real candle in my photo, this is just a way to package a candle as a gift. Please DO NOT light a real candle in this lantern. I do have a battery operated tea light that I think would be beautiful to place in this.\""
"2528" "\"Hermes Birkin imitation totes are very well-known these totes can be located everywhere on-line. Should you have obtained this sort of wonderful travelling bag, you'll instantly recognize that these Hermes Birkin imitation totes can be extremely manufactured from the best quality material and fine craftsmanship. These hold the just about identical hearings to your legitimate ones. Additionally, they may have many designs because the amounts on the first ones.\""
"2529" "\"I'm not far off the mark. This is Assouline's description:\""
"2530" "\"On Wednesday night of my trip I got to meet with the other Create Your Style Swarovski Ambassadors. What an incredible group. A powerhouse of creativity, really! We sat around and chatted, brainstormed about things we could do together as a group, and discussed the website. Then a tall, dark, and beautiful Austrian named Christian gave us the lowdown on the newest releases. There are loads of great new shapes and styles, but here are my favorites. First, a cone-shaped bead with a concave end so they can be nestled or you can nestle beads within it. It's called the Artemis Bead.\""
"2531" "\"Please pass this message on to your friends and colleagues.\""
"2532" "\"Crayons - check. Markers - check. Color Pencils - check. IHeart them. I truly do. Two easy peasy reasons why. 1. They encourage kids to be creative through art! 2. They make fantabulous room accessories, on the cheap. Gotta love when a room accessory actually doubles as something productively useful!\""
"2533" "\"with us, as the changes are seconds away.\""
"2534" "\"Goat cheese\""
"2535" "\"I hope you all have a wonderfully restful and peaceful Easter weekend! If you'd like to hear my religious musings and thoughts about Easter, please visit my digital art blog here and here. Happy stamping, and Happy Easter! :)\""
"2536" "\"(Harry Potter!!!!!!)\""
"2537" "\"The Five Boroughs Music Festival is an undertaking to which I'm admittedly partial. With (mostly) young artists, a wide-ranging repertoire, and lots of enthusiasm, their self-appointed mission is to bring creative classical programming to all of NYC. Loud cheers from this outer-borough blogger. Their latest project has been the commissioning of twenty songs, from twenty different composers, celebrating the city's architecture, history, and inhabitants... and even, wryly, its transit system. This has given rise not only to an acclaimed concert series, but also the festival's first recording.\""
"2538" "\"#96- Tulip\""
"2539" "\"After all, with everything these friends mean to us, why not let them know it?\""
"2540" "\"“The necklace?” I said.\""
"2541" "\"Stopped by Tractor Supply and got all they had. I figured to fill that hole it was going to take a lot. I packed it in. A lot of it fell out because of the wound and it's position. I am sure the fact I cheated and warmed that salve in hot water until it was thick syrup didn't help it stay in place. Lesson learned. Amazon does carry it, but it is almost twice the price of other places both on line and local.\""
"2542" "\"These days, Griffin attends events celebrating his work and regularly visits Skip's grave at Los Angeles National Cemetery, where a headstone reads:\""
"2543" "\"In his voice.\""
"2544" "\"Second, the real problem with the PLCB is The Almighty Liquor Code, which needs a total re-write. That's exactly what Frank Cagle is calling for in Tennessee in his latest \\"Frank Talk\\" column in the Knoxville weekly Metro Pulse. Tennessee's liquor code, says Cagle, is too broke to fix. \\"Sometimes a thing has been patched so many times it’s better to throw it out and start over.\\" One look at The Almighty Liquor Code will convince you that it's time to throw it out. The twisted, tangled lawyerese that it is written in damns it to constant tinkering. The PA Liquor Code should be scrapped, and rewritten, in simple language, with consumer oversight, as a model of simple common sense in alcohol policy. First thing to go? All such Repeal-era language as this, the opening justification for the Code:\""
"2545" "\"Add chocolate chips to the mix and done...right? Nope...\""
"2546" "\"(1) It’s free contraception.\""
"2547" "\"This plunge towards the Sun, is, of course, heading for that twice-in-a-century event, the Venus transit of the Sun. We already had a shot in 2004 at a transit of Venus, but these events come in pairs. The June 5, 2012 transit is the second of the pair for this century. I’m really looking forward to this one. For North America, only the first part of the transit will be visible with sunset interrupting it. Weather prospects are pretty problematic too. I plan to set up special equipment, properly filtered for safely viewing the Sun, in my favorite location with an unobstructed western horizon. But I’m also scouting other locations within reasonable driving distance, if the weather looks more favorable north or west of here. I’ll publish a separate post with more details for viewing the transit which will be widely available from different locations on Earth and provides a way to relive some wonderful scientific history. In the 18th and 19th centuries viewing a transit of Venus was regarded as the key that would open the door to being able to calculate the actual size of our solar system. That provided the impetus for some fascinating – and downright heroic – scientific expeditions around the world.\""
"2548" "\"The leadership challenge gave Nick Griffin a clear and decisive mandate; hopefully the Party will be able to move forward. But in order for this to happen, concerns that came to light in the course of the campaign must be addressed. We cannot progress as a party if things are simply swept under the proverbial carpet.\""
"2549" "\"Well, I’m giving my support to the Bersih movement. I realised I was really shallow up till now to not bother about politics back home. If I want to shape my own country, I definitely would want it best for my children, and my grandchildren, and their grandchildren.\""
"2550" "\"Step 1: Notice the stress. (Regular meditation practice makes it easier to notice when you are experiencing stress.)\""
"2551" "\"Picture this: mounds of bread, gallons of delicious wine and a line of punters determinedly queuing for their free tasters.\""
"2552" "\"A wreath—but for the front door this time!\""
"2553" "\"I got another rejection.\""
"2554" "\"Then I read Soul Hunter, the first book in what would become the Night Lords Trilogy. Written by Aaron Dembski-Bowden (quite a name...) it appealed to me on the simplest of geeky levels... I freakin' love the Night Lords! Of all the chaos legions, I thought they looked cool and had an awesome backstory.\""
"2555" "\"shredded cheese and crumbled tortilla chips (if you want to skip making the nachos)\""
"2556" "\"The point may be that it is pointless to do so. Because things come and go. Feelings fade, people move on, people change. So if you run to another prison cell after escaping from one, if that’s your sense of freedom and comfort, if that prison cell is where you think your heart belongs, then go. Run.\""
"2557" "\"When a large portion of your groceries come from your garden, you really do start to feel like a contestant on Iron Chef and the secret ingredient is whatever is ripe this week. However, instead of trying to make a name for yourself as an amazingly creative chef, your real objective is to find ways to serve the same vegetable to your family three times in a week without having to duck after you place it on the table. This is how the dish Smashed Whites was created.\""
"2558" "\"Pegram UMC (477 Thompson Road)\""
"2559" "\"RR—One of the reasons I put those stories in there is that I wanted to present the entire picture of the stuff that goes on down there. It would be easy just to dismiss the Karankawa sightings. I talk to a lot of Bigfoot researchers around the country, many of which don’t wanna think there’s any paranormal aspect to the Bigfoot sightings. They think somehow it cheapens the Bigfoot research efforts if you bring up anything weird or pertaining to the paranormal. And the same way with UFO investigators. They don’t wanna to think it has anything to do with Bigfoot. And by the same token I could have ignored these stories about the Karankawa Indians.\""
"2560" "\"Soon after introductions, we headed out for the tour. We began with Lia walking us through the tour and talking more in-depth about each piece and each artist that we saw, answering any questions that we had along the way. After that, she sent us off on our own for about 30 minutes to take photos. I hustled to take as many good shots as I could while keeping in mind Lia’s helpful hints from earlier. Surprisingly, I only got a little bit lost during my solo sojourn, a rare achievement in my life–so rare that I usually factor in time for getting lost any time that I wonder outside of Manhattan (or, frankly, any time that I wander beyond Manhattan’s directionally-helpful grid of streets and avenues). Finally, I made it back to the starting point, the first in the group to do so (look at me, being on time and even early!).\""
"2561" "\"Last year, I had such a “chatty” group that I knew that this activity would be quite a challenge. I also had a student teacher that was supposed to be taking over for the last six weeks of the year! I must admit that I just couldn’t visualize my student teacher managing this activity with this particularly challenging group of children. There were a few of them that really never mastered keeping their thoughts to themselves during whole group activities like this, so for the first time in YEARS, we did NOT do the calendar book! I just felt that it would be an exercise in frustration for all concerned. I also really didn’t have the volunteer help to keep the calendar book updated with fresh papers each month. So I opted for more activities that we could learn from that would still allow them to talk and move around a bit more, since this seemed to suit the learning style of my group last year. We also did more journaling and more science experiments, so it all turned out okay. I can’t wait to see what next year will bring! I am hoping (and praying!) for a group that loves to sing, learns well through singing, and with lots of supportive parents. What does your “dream class” look like? :) Enjoy what is left of your summer, (if there is any of it left!) and keep on hoping and praying for that “wonder” class!\""
"2562" "\"“Discipline ‘makes’ individuals” states Foucault (1995, p. 170). He explains how there was, and perhaps still is, power over the people through the use of three techniques: hierarchical observation, normalizing judgment, and the examination (p. 170). After reading this text, I find myself questioning my perceptions of life, my beliefs, and more specifically how I experience this model in the school system where I currently work. I will discuss the importance of the development of critical thinking, lost in the constructs described by Foucault, but vital for a change from “the ‘physics’ of power” (p. 177) to empowerment.\""
"2563" "\"What if someone develops claustrophobia? Or bubonic plague? Avian flu?\""
"2564" "\"Using John and Caitlin Mathews StoryWorld cards, we experimented with coming up with new story ideas. This pack of cards includes many fantasy and traditional fairytale characters, objects and settings along with a book to show different ways they could be used.\""
"2565" "\"Dietary Fiber 0.7 g 2.6%\""
"2566" "\"Thunder rolled onto the field and began to impose their will on Arsenal.\""
"2567" "\"These affordable games are portable versions of favorites such as CONNECT 4, HUNGRY HUNGRY HIPPOS, GUESS WHO? and BATTLESHIP. When the vacation is over, kids can pack these games in a backpack for fun on the school bus or during an after-school play date. The games are packed full of fun and great to take anywhere! Make sure to grab some before traveling this holiday season! Check out hasbro.com for more info!\""
"2568" "\"Hey, everybody! :)\""
"2569" "\"I am the woman, who loves having her own herb garden, supports Adoption Drives for homeless pets, baking luscious molten chocolate lava cakes and Halloween-themed sugar cookies, says a constant prayer for her mum and makes sure to say \\"I love you\\" to her darling everyday, just in case, she never gets to do so the next day.\""
"2570" "\"Lacoste – The Global Symbol For All Things Classy in Fashion\""
"2571" "\"Today’s verse is:\""
"2572" "\"There was no pre-Atlantic Yards feasibility assessment for the Vanderbilt Yard (remember, the city had no plans for it before Forest City Ratner proposed Atlantic Yards), no effort to foster a rezoning, and no announcement of infrastructure support before the city and state had embraced the developer's project.\""
"2573" "\"Much has happened over these past three months.\""
"2574" "\"currently 4 issues free\""
"2575" "\"No family. 2 friends. Nothing else.\""
"2576" "\"A couple years back I was watching TV and a movie came on, Executive Decision. Starts with a small plane flying. You know how I like planes. The camera gets a close-up of the plane.\""
"2577" "\"I was notorious for this in college. Around finals time, my house would be spotless because I’d much rather clean than study. A big paper due this week? I’ll just do all my laundry while I read over my notes. Oh, since I’m down here in the kitchen, I might as well start something for dinner. Now that dinner’s over, it’s time to wash every dish we own. Oh my laundry’s done. Well, now I have to fold everything and put it away. What? It’s midnight already? But I haven’t even started! Oh well. I’ll get to it tomorrow. And I’d start the whole process over the next day, finding bathrooms to clean and closets to rearrange, until finally, the night before the paper was due, I’d be busting out 15 pages at 3am, just praying I’d get it done in time for my 8am class, and cursing myself for waiting so long.\""
"2578" "\"YDS: Did you participate in the protest to truly support the teachers or did you want to really miss class? OR BOTH?\""
"2579" "\"Maybe not quite every day, nor was it all as planned, because I got jumped by the streptococci, who went, as they do when cornered, straight for the throat. It would have been on a thursday, the one before easter weekend, the Red Dirt Girl was at work, and I'd spent the day feeling tired. I had a bit of a sore throat too, which I put down to the unaccustomed and relentless dehydration of air-conditioning. (in my world we use the standard-issue air, full of whatever damp it comes with).\""
"2580" "\"During the last decade many libraries in higher education have actually tried to use indicators in their daily work. Vestfold University College is an outstanding example. But their experiences are not part of the process. Our failures and successes are analyzed, compared and brought into the open professional debate. We do not learn from the past.\""
"2581" "\"Sometimes us girls want something, well, girly. I love the romantic packaging on this bubble bath. Plus, guys, it's both sweet and sexy to run your lady a bath after a long day at work. Who doesn't want to relax? If you're short on time because of commitments or work, this is a great way to make staying in seem special. Choose from three delicate scents: rose, grapefruit, and lavender.\""
"2582" "\"This is what the house looks like at present. I love the front entry (what would you call this- it is much more then a front porch.)\""
"2583" "\"He added his own feet which I'm thinking was only to show the world how bad I need a tan. Sigh.\""
"2584" "\"Sparge Liquor 5.9\""
"2585" "\"I see them as integrated into my life and as part of me–but I don’t give them my heart… I give my mind to them.. and my body.. but my emotions–they are so secondary in most of my experience–that they aren’t really something that I either can or feel is appropriate to give…\""
"2586" "\"There Are Cracks In The Quality of the History\""
"2587" "\"A massive overflow chamber with two floors of concrete and a rapid river of poop.\""
"2588" "\"There are two restaurants I simply love in Langkawi,\""
"2589" "\"Obviously inanimate objects are normally associated with non-living objects, teddy bears for example, plant pots… I like to defy originality and so believe trees and plants are inanimate… when the wind isn’t blowing and they are stood still… but they’re still living organisms… My head is now completely in the shed with this…\""
"2590" "\"Obadiah froze, suddenly seeing a very sharp memory inside his head. He saw himself arrive at the Epsum Illum cafe on that first day in autumn almost four years ago. He remembered how he leaned over the wheel of his canary yellow pick up truck to look up at the tall maples behind the decrepit wooden structure and how he thought to himself that things could have been worse.\""
"2591" "\"- When I am walking through campus alone at night I carry my key so it sticks out between my fingers, That way if attacked I can defend myself.\""
"2592" "\"Hibito’s brother arrived in Houston now. For some reason, I always enjoy episodes where the characters are in the US. Maybe because they always put some “typically” American things in it for me to look at. Being half American, I’ve also seen the differences between America and the European countries I’ve lived in a lot. One of those typical things is actually Hibito’s house.\""
"2593" "\"Sat in the reception area waiting for Lincoln to appear – down the corridor he came, on all four paws, dragging the surgeon behind him. I couldn’t believe how well he looked?\""
"2594" "\"14. Wisdom. Lately research has focused on wisdom as the capstone of a good life. Much has been learned about the pragmatics of wisdom in everyday life, but again almost nothing is known about how such a trait develops in childhood and adolescence, and how it is supported in adulthood.\""
"2595" "\"I loved this book! Mark Alders is a master storyteller when it comes to writing sci-fi and romance. I love how he’s able to take this reader into the imaginative and sometimes harsh worlds that he creates. His descriptive storytelling ability never fails to draw this reader into his creative tales and his sexy and unique characters always keep me enthralled with every adventure he throws their way.\""
"2596" "\"As I drove to the shoe store, the sun came out. Mind you it was after Thanksgiving and the temps soared up to the mid 70's. Could we have asked for a better day? Nope. And I found shoes.It was a sign! Not only that but it was a day of nothing but laughs and good times.\""
"2597" "\"In our increasingly Web-oriented news cycle, readers need headlines that are clear and concise, ones that disclose as much information as possible. Without dropheads and the aesthetics of print, Web headlines cannot afford ambiguity. But here are some instances where question headlines are appropriate:\""
"2598" "\"News flash, things area always going to be hard, things will always look daunting and yeah you will be scared at times. Its a sign of life, does that mean people stop living?\""
"2599" "\"we had a few long, kind of discouraging days but we made it thru.\""
"2600" "\"“But Darling what are you doing! I would have had that!”\""
"2601" "\"Many times I’ve doubted my abilities as a writer, often with good reason, but too much focus on my inabilities makes me fearful. Fearful writers hide their work in a drawer for others to find when they die. That’s not good enough.\""
"2602" "\"Bertram, or whoever he was, was doing his darndest to get through to me. He was practically jumping up and down and shouting, and he was putting a great deal of pressure on me. I didn’t like it one bit, and I held on to Orion for dear life, asking over and over, “Is this OK? Is this going to be a problem? Should I be working with this guy?” I couldn’t get a clear answer. I didn’t have the sense that Bertram was evil or malicious, but he was coming on awfully strong, and considering my previous negative experiences, I wanted to be cautious. I didn’t want to overreact or freak out, though, and I held a center of calm as best I could.\""
"2603" "\"In the role of Nightwing is Neil Patrick Harris who perfectly captures the light-hearted charisma and sharp wit of Batman’s original protégé. How the story portrays Dick Grayson is fantastic. Dick & Bruce work in tandem battling foes with grace and efficiency. They finish each other’s thoughts, both thinking the same amount of steps ahead to swing in at the right time for the save. I’ve always enjoyed Nightwing as a character full of potential. Here, he’s mainly involved in just the action sequences, but he makes them so much more dynamic with his acrobatics and sense of fun in the face of danger. I am wholehearted believer in the unlimited potential of Nightwing and Dick Grayson. By trusted accounts, he made for a wonderful Batman following the “Battle for the Cowl” comic story arc.\""
"2604" "\"It isn’t often I am approached by total strangers. When I do I try to be courteous even if I am in a rush and they are looking for donations.\""
"2605" "\"\\"It's snowing still,\\" said Eeyore gloomily.\""
"2606" "\"**muggled means a non-geocaching minded human had got and run away with said cache\""
"2607" "\"Bless us with self-control.\""
"2608" "\"and vegetable print vest.\""
"2609" "\"Ink: pink pirouette, pear pizzazz, crumb cake (SU), Copic markers\""
"2610" "\"I just don't want to leave without her.\""
"2611" "\"And that was very different.\""
"2612" "\"Bette Midler (Stella)\""
"2613" "\"Lavender & Sandalwood. A wonderfully rich easily absorbed emollient cream carefully made from spring water, sweet almond, thistle and argan oils, glycerin, vitamin E, enriched with pure essential oils. Contains vegetable emulsifiers and a more natural preservative.\""
"2614" "\"For being trendy as well as functional, there is an worthwhile currency stock trading designer bookbag.\""
"2615" "\"When I sat down and thought about this startling development, I realized it is because so much of the YA fiction I read these days is gritty, it's edgy, it’s dark – and even if a story ends hopefully and even if it is beautifully written (and most are) there is just so much STUFF going on in the novels that they are enough to make me want to claw my eyes out!\""
"2616" "\"About Robert P. DesJardins\""
"2617" "\"Sreekumar says that at the end of the session, belief is that Devi comes, blesses all the men who are dressed as woman, and makes their wish real. For more information on this celebration, you can go through the detailed post written by Anu from Sincerely yours.\""
"2618" "\"At The Celebration, I attended the panel entitled \\"Teaching Students to Become History Detectives,\\" featuring speakers Sandhya Nankani and Elyse Luray kicked off the panel by describing in fascinating detail her experiences as one of the five hosts of the PBS' American History series History Detectives. Once a top appraiser at Christie's auction house, Elyse has spent her years on the show using objects ranging from canons to horse saddles as the jumping off point to make amazing discoveries about U.S. history. At one point, Elyse found a piece of Amelia Earhart's airplane. At another juncture, she helped find the S.S. Portland, a sunken ship in Alaska which was the first ship that found gold there!\""
"2619" "\"I hope you will join us for this one, can't wait to see what you come up with. My teamies have created the most amazing cards to inspire you hop over to SS Blog and check them out.\""
"2620" "\"staking my garden down,\""
"2621" "\"I was never too big a fan of compact foundation or 2-way cake, and I chucked them aside once i discovered BB Creams and Liquid Foundation. But recently my skin condition went from bad to worse, so I finally decided to give it a break from creams/gels/liquid foundations and I dug out this baby and dusted it off.\""
"2622" "\"This, I maintain, isn't trolling, this is a statement of the current reality. Whether or not people like it is moot. The only difference is context, I acknowledged it long ago, and the people who foolishly spent their money on that 4e shite aren't ready to let go. That's the only difference.\""
"2623" "\"or on\""
"2624" "\"Beckett's dramatic works do not rely on the traditional elements of drama. He trades in plot, characterization, and final solution, which had hitherto been the hallmarks of drama, for a series of concrete stage images. Language is useless, for he creates a mythical universe peopled by lonely creatures who struggle vainly to express the unexpressable. His characters exist in a terrible dreamlike vacuum, overcome by an overwhelming sense of bewilderment and grief, grotesquely attempting some form of communication, then crawling on, endlessly.\""
"2625" "\"~or any other sentiment that you'd like to say\""
"2626" "\"Thinking back, that’s exactly what this kupiah-wearing snake did. I should have been more wary and suspicious of people instead of being so trusting; and had I known about these characteristics, I surely would have. This unpleasant encounter seemed to confirm my earlier concerns about stepping out of the shadows and rejoining society.\""
"2627" "\"Arrested, he was bound.\""
"2628" "\"They're not the cheapest, but they're the nicest canisters I found by far. (If you want big ones to hold flour you'll have to buy the big 5.5 quart ones separately.) I also found a few randomly at HomeGoods, they were way cheaper but only had a few at a time.\""
"2629" "\"The Civil Rights movement ended the denial of voting rights and other basic rights to African Americans. Dr. King’s vision was far deeper than just ending racial discrimination. Dr. King founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference to “save the soul of America.”\""
"2630" "\"Pries-ted shore\""
"2631" "\"I hope our friendship will last the test of time, but I can’t help but think one day, she will really, really, really cross the line.\""
"2632" "\"Two, I had finished The Other Half of My Heart (Delacorte, 2010) and needed a new project, but now I also had a two-and-a-half year old and a newborn. The thought of coming up with a whole new cast of characters, frankly, sounded exhausting. So, it was also a decision of convenience in a way.\""
"2633" "\"2. Add tomatoes, cucumber, and radish. Combine, and divide mixture between 2 pitas. Serve immediately.\""
"2634" "\"This is the opening to chapter 13.\""
"2635" "\"When i think pictures, i think... Elise... the dog.... Camera.\""
"2636" "\"Well, I am ready to really own my story. I mean REALLY OWN IT! Not the shortened, sweet, oh, I wish this and that would have happened...but really tell it all. So, I will be doing it! Since it will most likely be long- I will probably tell it in parts...but yes, I will be telling my story.\""
"2637" "\"Donoghue admits that some of her ability to write from the perspective of a five-year-old came from her son (who was five at the time she wrote the novel) and the true-to-life quality of Jack’s character definitely comes out in the way he plays, speaks and interacts with his mother. But even if Donoghue’s secret weapon was a living breathing boy, whose words and actions she could mimic, the development of a compelling and truly suspenseful novel from the vantage point of a veritable toddler is still a feat to be admired. Room is never simplistic, or boring, or even limited by its narrator. Rather, without Jack’s perspective, the book would be a different novel entirely.\""
"2638" "\"“The Valencia County Sheriff’s Department said it is willing to meet with the group to discuss options, but Forest said the community is tired of waiting and wants action.”\""
"2639" "\"I really enjoy meeting folk at craft fairs, I'm not shy and love chatting away at my craft stand or online for that matter. But put me in front of a camera and I freeze!\""
"2640" "\"and I am super glad to have the cheeky bugger back!\""
"2641" "\"Mario amateur accept consistently been the apotheosis of platforming perfection. I admired New Air-conditioned Mario Bros. on the DS (the aboriginal 2D Mario bold aback the Bold Boy's Air-conditioned Mario Acreage 2) and I couldn't delay for a sequel. I got in actuality what I capital and added with New Air-conditioned Mario Bros. Wii, Nintendo's aboriginal Mario platformer on a animate aback Air-conditioned Mario Apple on the SNES in 1990. I'll added you the adventitious — like it in actuality affairs — answer to say it marks the acknowledgment of the Koopalings.\""
"2642" "\"2. I prefer to be on the left side (when walking, sitting, standing…always). When someone/something is on my left side it feels like an imbalance to me.\""
"2643" "\"Lawyers then are an essential part of the legal profession and they cannot be dispensed with. They are of value to society but do not add value to society. We need them. Nevertheless there is a case that they, like all the rest of the law industry should be state owned. Clearly this has a significant number of downsides in terms of an even greater increase in bureaucracy and reduction in efficiency. Also the practicalities of doing it are not without problem. On the upside the benefit to society will be a reduction of legal costs, although lawyers as a group are likely to be less well remunerated. Gross industry fees are around £23 billion per annum which, to put it in perspective, is about the same size of the budget for all of Scotland. Slicing of the odd few billion should not be beyond the wit of man let alone sharp legal minds.\""
"2644" "\"If the tops of the cake layers have crowned, use a long serrated knife and a gentle sawing motion to even them. Slice each layer horizontally in half. Place one layer cut side down on a cardboard cake round or on a cake plate protected by strips of wax or parchment paper.\""
"2645" "\"The Trustees of the Medicare program have released their annual report on the solvency of the program. They calculate that the program is “expected to remain solvent until 2024, the same as last year’s estimate.” But what that headline obfuscates is that Obamacare’s tax increases and spending cuts are counted towards the program’s alleged “deficit-neutrality,” Medicare is to go bankrupt in 2016. And if you listen to Medicare’s own actuary, Richard Foster, the program’s bankruptcy could come even sooner than that.\""
"2646" "\"The Phillies are Sag's second favorite baseball team and he had hoped to go to a game while we were in Philly. I don't really pay attention to sports unless it pertains to Red Sox, Celtics or Patriots, and even then, my attention is fickle. So, I was surprised and dismayed when Phillies tickets, this early in the season, versus the Mets for heaven's sake, were impossible to get through the team's website.\""
"2647" "\"As for you, what are you waiting for? Come on. No excuses now. Get writing!\""
"2648" "\"Our doctor visits are getting closer together now, and that makes it seem all the more real. A couple weeks ago Jason and I took the birthing class at the hospital, and I think that made us both feel a lot more confident about what's to come. We both learned a lot, and got some great tips that I'm sure come the day this little guys makes his appearance will go right out of our heads. I am thinking I may be spending some time...that is if we have the time...in the jetted tubs that each birthing room has at the Salem Hospital :)\""
"2649" "\"We talked Jacob Lawrence, Ernie Barnes and Cary Grant (She knew them all). I was blessed to have a close friend on board with me. I left them momentarily. When I returned; she said, I need you here “words are not my medium”...and I thought \\"they don't have to be.\\"\""
"2650" "\"Stuck for writing ideas? Use the following idea as a spark for inspiration – change the point of view, create a character, situation and conflict, strike up any genre that suits and keep developing and writing!\""
"2651" "\"For three months, he stayed with CPI-ML sympathizers, including a bricklayer in Munger. “One of the reasons for my return was the prospect of being asked to kill people,” he says. “We were a bunch of romantics who just didn’t know that we were being fed with lies.” Dipesh Chakrabarty, a Presidency College student of the 1960s who now teaches in University of Chicago, recalls: “Many urban youth who went to liberate rural areas came back after some weeks with acute bowel problems.”\""
"2652" "\"“We are now synchronizing every program, trying our best to avoid duplicating, let alone ineffective, programs. This has been part of the monitoring system,” told Amiruddin on Monday (20/02).\""
"2653" "\"Because it wasn’t always this way.\""
"2654" "\"you know what, when they say you love a person, everything else like the trials and hardship doesn’t matter? i love that way. i can look pass your mistake and still love you.\""
"2655" "\"Aspie talent 6.8 Above average\""
"2656" "\"As you can see, it wasn't too inviting - looked more like November but we took it to be an adventure.\""
"2657" "\"Belinda :)\""
"2658" "\"Kazuhiro Anai, 42, Scarsdale, N.Y.\""
"2659" "\"Yes, the planet is in danger and it’s in danger from human activity. The solution is to stop those activities and we are headed in that direction. We have made substantial changes to the way we as Americans are doing business and we can do more but if we stop or give up we will have endangered what we love about our planet. Europe is doing better than we are but we need to persuade emerging nations that it benefits them economically to be friendly to the environment. China and Mexico need to get a handle on air pollution as an example but they won’t as long as it doesn’t benefit them economically.\""
"2660" "\"-The Coastal Problem, ensure special controls on setback and coastal access as overlay districts. Set a permanent coastal reclamation limit.\""
"2661" "\"I lift my head, pointing my nose up, as if seeking word from silences that roam on the wind. I’m caressed and let go, returning me to watching for life in the uniformity of livelihood that pervades the hinterland.\""
"2662" "\"Really that only happened because technically my long runs both ended up in the same week on the site. The site adds the week Monday-Sunday, where as I tend to view the week Sunday-Saturday. If that were the case then my mileage wouldn't have been so high, but seeing that 31 up in the corner? I feel pretty good about that.\""
"2663" "\"I made the greeting pin myself by attaching beads onto a piece of gold wire and stamping and embossing, with gold embossing powder, the greeting onto a piece of the mirror-effect blue paper, wrapping it around the pin and glueing it and trimming the edge to a pennant shape. I attached the pin using silicone glue.\""
"2664" "\"What’s more, Ofsted have stressed the importance of problem solving, and it featured in their report* published in November 2011. They advise that pupils’ confidence, fluency and versatility are nurtured through a strong emphasis on problem solving as an integral part of learning within each topic.\""
"2665" "\"(No, I didn't make that up. I work with sugar, so I've amassed many weird tools over time).\""
"2666" "\"It’s a funny place, Wakefield. Has the feel of a run-down old northern industrial town – which it is – but has little gems of culture and community, which are well worth a look if you can see past the ugly 1960s roads, underpasses and buildings.\""
"2667" "\"100 Double Unders for time: 100 Untimed\""
"2668" "\"After all, it is a child’s wellbeing and future prospects which are at stake.\""
"2669" "\"When I was with parents, the birthday would start with visiting temples and payasam. It has been months since the gods saw me in their pavilion or I wished them a morning. I have some idols here at the home in Ernakulam and I worship them daily and apply the bhasm considering it as a Prasad by the temple. You will not believe that this post is in the draft zone for nine days with me deciding whether to post. Laziness has no medicine though baldness could have one.\""
"2670" "\"Rise and Shine:\""
"2671" "\"Current Points Status: I think I may have reached Cockatoo level. I see a lot of those around at the moment and they have a nice life sitting up in the trees round here and deafening people.\""
"2672" "\"Zoos and Wildlife Parks (like ours) do such a wonderful job.\""
"2673" "\"I've had it with immigration.\""
"2674" "\"And as we climb over 15 people to get to our seats, I ask each of them \\"How long has he been singing? Did I miss much?\\" and they all just glared at me except one lady who answered with \\"This is his first song\\" and I totally stopped right there and hugged her and yelled in her ear \\"I'm so excited, aren't you???!!! OMG, our boobs totally just touched!\\". Then the Captain pushed me into my chair and I promptly whipped out my phone and started videotaping. For exactly 21 seconds. That was how long it took the Captain to tell me I was blocking the view of the people behind me.\""
"2675" "\"A simple paradigm shift will spare you the manipulation and avoid mediocrity. It is not a quick fix but it is always effective.\""
"2676" "\"All of these suggestions lead to allowing yourself not to be letdown. Especially if it is you setting the expectations. Goals are important and helpful. Unrealistic goals are harmful and pointless. At every level, your brain (conscious and subconscious) enjoys and celebrates success in any task, no matter what the scale.\""
"2677" "\"I decided to start a series of posts with the theme-\""
"2678" "\"Important: Please read these Official Rules before entering this online promotion (the \\"Promotion\\").\""
"2679" "\"have a wonderful Monday!\""
"2680" "\"All poems and artwork copyright of their authors.\""
"2681" "\"In 1973 Canadian broadcaster Gordon Sinclair made a powerful radio address called \\"The Americans\\" in which he praised our incredible generosity and selflessness. \\"The United States dollar took another pounding on German, French and British exchanges this morning, hitting the lowest point ever known in West Germany,\\" he began. \\"It has declined there by 41% since 1971 and this Canadian thinks it is time to speak up for the Americans as the most generous and possibly the least-appreciated people in all the world.\\" With the American dollar now at record lows against the Euro, perhaps it's time to heed his words again. The United States is the world's largest giver of foreign aid. We give a whopping 0.13% of our gross domestic product in foreign aid, 81% of which we cleverly tied to the purchase of U.S. goods and services. Of the 21 richest countries in the world only Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, Norway, Ireland, Belgium, Finland, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, France, New Zealand, Australia, Spain, Austria, Italy, Germany and Portugal are more generous than the United States when it comes to foreign aid, according to the Center for Global Development. It's about time someone thanked us for being more charitable than Greece and Japan.\""
"2682" "\"Last weekend, our neighbors got their door kicked in and much stuff stolen. Curiously enough, we had just had a conversation with some other neighbors (they live next door to the ones that got robbed) about the abundance of break-ins in our cozy little ‘hood just the day before. After some research on our end, we found that our general area has been hit 80 times in the last month by thieves. Yeah, for real. They kick in your door, take your stuff and haul ass out. 80 times this has happened. Are we paranoid? You bet. We have since put in another deadbolt on our each of our exterior doors and installed a security system just this morning. Next up, a dog. One thing about situations like this is you really get to know who your neighbors are. We’re forming a small army. I would hate to mess with us now.\""
"2683" "\"I have Ree's cookbook (see my post about meeting her here) and knew her recipe for these rolls was in it. And, I had all the ingredients on hand, so I got everything together and got started.\""
"2684" "\"2 - All businesses online need content .\""
"2685" "\"I'm on a non-roll with my tights - yet another pair that popped a hole. However, I've had these for at least a year, so I know I got plenty of wear out of them.\""
"2686" "\"Is it wrong for me to be fascinated with this whole life changing process despite the fact that I am the damaged creature at the center of the experiment? My Dad would always tell me that I never did anything half way. If I was committed to something I either failed or succeeded in spectacular fashion. I was just so hoping to be spectacular today.\""
"2687" "\"Don't hurt me!\""
"2688" "\"As Hitler said, “How fortunate for governments that the people they administer don’t think.” BINGO! And that is the biggest problem in America. We don’t think! We no longer question! Anyone who does is branded a terrorist or subversive just like in the old Soviet Union. Same story on a different stage!!\""
"2689" "\"A personal relationship means a relationship of response and awareness. A blade of grass receives its energy from Hashem. It cannot exist for even a split second without Hashem’s Will giving it life. Yet the grass does not have a real relationship because it cannot respond. It receives but all it gives back is its existence. There is no difference between one blade of grass and another. Hashem doesn’t respond to each one individually. There is no such thing as a righteous blade of grass who deserves lots of rain and sunshine, or a wicked blade of grass who has made major life mistakes. This is called hashgacha klalit, which means awareness without any involvement.\""
"2690" "\"Millie xx\""
"2691" "\"The committee is likely to recommend that patches of forest be measured for their forest cover as well as biodiversity values. The panel has not considered the implications of the Forest Rights Act as yet. Under the existing rules, the ministry cannot allocate forest lands to development projects until the rights of the people under the FRA have been settled and the village councils of the affected area agreed to the diversion of forest.\""
"2692" "\"What are other folks doing? Check out the happening in Phoenix, AZ. Way cool!\""
"2693" "\"He pulled her up, shoving her behind Riley’s dad, nearly knocking over the glass coffee table. He\""
"2694" "\"it’s shounen and shoujo with a lot of comedy and the story is hilarious so if you love a good fun read, this is for you.\""
"2695" "\"Hart, with his aged stoicism akin to a Wild West Buster Keaton and a unflappable presence that predated and predicted the likes of John Wayne and Clint Eastwood, would forever be known as the first star of feature length Westerns.\""
"2696" "\"Paxton Osgood is such a great character - she makes lists, she's obsessive about them. She's made them all her life. It is a way she controls her life, a way she can make sense of it. She prefers things to be done in a certain way. She's uptight, always well turned out and seems to be very much in charge, of everything. She is easily categorised - always popular in school, she got good grades, she was a social darling. But there is far more to the socialite than we are aware. Reluctant to move away from home, she has a very difficult relationship with her mum. Her dad zones in and out of life, letting his wife control things, as he's no doubt just found it easier to do accept what she wants to do, rather than try and fight her. Paxton, what a great name!, has a twin brother, Colin who, unlike Paxton cannot stand to be at home, with his family. He left Walls of Water to become a landscape architect and makes sure he hardly ever comes home. But this time he does, as Paxton has asked his help in landscaping the gardens at The Blue Ridge Madam, specifically to remove the huge peach tree that grew randomly from the soil near the house, and replace it with something else.\""
"2697" "\"The PLA was always seen as the basic enforcer of communist rule in China. The Communist Party wanted one thing above all from the PLA; loyalty. Everything else is secondary. This included military capability and fiscal responsibility.\""
"2698" "\"ummm... I would have to say jelly beans!!! :)\""
"2699" "\"So what it comes down to is, it’s our problem. It’s our fault for anything untrue we see on television for we demand it. And if you want to see some change away from this untruth we have engulfed ourselves into, maybe next time we stop on a “reality” television show (such as Gene Simmons Family Jewels) we should lift our finger and change the channel. Or better yet, turn off the TV and find your own reality. It’s as simple as that. Click!\""
"2700" "\"His cover of \\"Sixteen Tons\\" -- which featured a clarinet, and didn't really sound like a country-western song -- became a huge crossover hit in 1955. It was #1 on the country charts for 10 weeks and #1 on the pop charts for eight weeks. \\"Sixteen Tons\\" was so popular that NBC gave Ford a prime-time variety show, which aired from 1956 until 1961.\""
"2701" "\"Before I leave you, I was able to tele-port myself to the future and I came back with this great picture of me at The Alamo in San Antonio!\""
"2702" "\"Anything by Diana Wynne Jones -- She is marvelous; she is brilliant. She also recently died, so there won't be any more new books from her -- something my co-workers are tired of me bemoaning. Two of my favorites are Howl's Moving Castle and its companions and Dark Lord of Derkholm and its companion.\""
"2703" "\"even more out of touch with the American people\""
"2704" "\"It becomes an impossible task to manually keep track of all log data generated and maintain the security of the server\""
"2705" "\"½ tsp dried basil\""
"2706" "\"Without any further ado, let's start with the gowns....\""
"2707" "\"Classy, very classy. Aren’t liberals supposed to be sweet, tolerant, and open-minded?\""
"2708" "\"According to all reports, the meeting between the General and the President lasted about twenty minutes.\""
"2709" "\"The state joy and happiness if ever the things deliver to people is newly found.\""
"2710" "\"I can't eat,\""
"2711" "\"Cool on wire rack.\""
"2712" "\"to the past, the buildings facade will now feature a discreet\""
"2713" "\"The couple, Mr. Leuise Chigozie and his wife, Vicky, said they were making love when they noticed the accused hiding under the bed watching them.\""
"2714" "\"With NO Commute – so they get hours of time back a day. Let’s say 2 hours a day. 10 hours a week. 40 hours a month. (That’s a working week). 12 weeks a year! That is a lot of dentist visits, plumber visits, time with kids and spouse, time to nap, time to do whatever. And all this time was pulled out of the air as a result of not commuting.\""
"2715" "\"~By Laura Schmitt\""
"2716" "\"I choose to believe I am not what I have, and I am not what I do! I am what only God says I am and I can do what only God says I can do! Amen!\""
"2717" "\"His entry into the world was fast and furious but oh, so welcomed.\""
"2718" "\"Even though I had healthy options available to me for food I didn’t choose them. I kept reaching for my comfort food stand by’s… carbs, carbs, and carbs, and did I mention sweets?\""
"2719" "\"I rarely make fondue, but only because Mister Man won't eat anything cheese and Little Miss can't eat dairy because of her allergy. This is perfect party food because it takes minimal prep and is ready super fast. Plus, it's another one that looks like you worked really hard even though you didn't.\""
"2720" "\"Huzzah for the voice of the people - if you feel the urge, please give it a shout!\""
"2721" "\"This meme started when an anonymous person on a popular image site posted a picture of the character Halo from the popular Halo games, saying the following in a caption:\""
"2722" "\"the water poured kitchen ceiling during rain and the heating did not work.\""
"2723" "\"Niketown and American Apparel downtown were hit. A half dozen Starbucks closed early after stores reported broken windows.\""
"2724" "\"The cycle infrastructure is typical for a main radial road, in Dutch cities. It is a mixture of separate cycle paths and on-pavement cycle paths, with cycle lanes on the old streets of the city centre. The section though Haarlemmerstraat and Haarlemmerdijk was shown in the other direction, on an earlier video.\""
"2725" "\"Which would have been fine except that I was actually asking a different question than the one I was forming with my words.\""
"2726" "\"With so many fun and affordable options, I think we'll have a difficult time deciding what to purchase with the discount. These preppy pink and green wine glasses are only $18 each (link HERE). Wouldn't this make a perfect hostess gift? A set of these would go a long way towards getting you invited to the party again, that's for sure.\""
"2727" "\"cream as a dip with other fruit.\""
"2728" "\"She's aiming for 1000!! If you visit her blog you'll see the 143 she's already received. I think there's a Flickr group too (and Facebook).\""
"2729" "\"Summertime of the dead whispered the truth of his joy\""
"2730" "\"So when I have the opportunity to recall something brilliant and delicious that we’ve ignored for a while, it’s like rediscovering an old friend. Take, for example, the other evening, when I had made gluten-free chicken nuggets from scratch to appease the kids, and I was sort of rattling around the kitchen not really feeling inspired by the vegetable options. It wasn’t until I came across a random rogue sweet potato — also, itself, forgotten — that it occurred to me to revisit a certain sweet potato and green bean dish we had LOVED when I first concocted it.\""
"2731" "\"The husband rolls his eyes in disbelief, but afraid that she may change her mind, he grabs the money and leaves quickly.\""
"2732" "\"I still have moods that go up and down, and I'm still insecure about a lot of things, and simultaneously excited and afraid about the future. But life's like that isn't it. I think it swings between states of happiness and fear, satisfaction and laziness, pride and insecurity. Only non living systems stay in the same state permanently, until they are programmed to fall apart. If you're alive, and not under the influence of pharmaceuticals that claim to make you well, you're going to have to feel all those things.\""
"2733" "\"The manager was packing up as I got back, the truck hadn’t turned up yet but he had to get home. That truck came later and I half-remember hearing Iliaz telling them about me half-asleep. It was 10 by the time I opened up my sleeping bag and put it on the wooden bench outside since Iliaz suggested the breeze was good there and there were some people watching tv behind a partition in the main office. But then after an hour and a half of mosquito-buzzed disturbed sleep I got out some odomos and moved to the floor inside the office. The next thing I remember is Iliaz waking me up at 3:45 the next morning like I’d asked him to.\""
"2734" "\"Reply soonest and call me .\""
"2735" "\"Sharon also has the 4th instalment of our our mystery quilt, so hurry on over to see her. Sharon has also promised us a tutorial for a small project we can make.\""
"2736" "\"2 carrots (peeled, sliced one quarter inch thick)\""
"2737" "\"Fossils are mysterious beasts and their curious nature has fascinated societies for millennia. A couple of centuries on since we established what they actually are it seems so obvious you may feel it should have been certain from the off. But hindsight is a wonderful thing and once the best supported argument has won out it only takes a little time until everyone thinks it was always known. Fossils are lumps of rock, beautifully sculpted into sometimes quite perfect reconstructions of a once living body. They are not strictly the remains of an organism but rather what comes after the remains, the post-remains if you will.\""
"2738" "\"I recognised the top notebook as one that he had used in a previous job for menu planning and writing down recipes. I opened it and discovered that a lot of the writing was beginning to fade, due to the age of the notebook. What a sad loss it would be to lose all that valuable information, especially for one day when we have our own restaurant; it will be an excellent resource.\""
"2739" "\"Which makes sense, since moods in the paintings are dependent on color, which is greatly influenced by my visual memory, which is constantly getting fed by what I see around me. Perhaps it's just such an obvious connection that it's not worth pondering.\""
"2740" "\"That Thaisa am I, supposed dead\""
"2741" "\"... giving low-rated movies a chance can really surprise you with some really good entertainment! I encourage you to watch one or two.\""
"2742" "\"Wifesy: “Nope, poop. It’s their poop chute.”\""
"2743" "\"Most nights I steal a few pages before the battle to keep my eyes open is lost. This bundle is currently sitting at my bedside, some of them just finished, others a work in progress, some needing to be re-started.\""
"2744" "\"Brod got older. He kept his intentions with the Kafka papers hidden. At some point he willed them to the library of Israel, in a letter of intent. And then he named Hoffe as the beneficiary of his will.\""
"2745" "\"We'd also forgotten \\"The Professor\\"'s TV work, including a North Coast Cable-based show \\"Sports 101\\" that was apparently seen nationally in the 1990s. (North Coast Cable was the original Cleveland-based cable system, which is today's Cleveland arm of Time Warner Cable, passing through Cablevision and Adelphia along the way.)\""
"2746" "\"Credible elections are everywhere the basis of plausible and effective democratic government.\""
"2747" "\"Douglas A. Gowell, 52, Methuen, Mass.\""
"2748" "\"O.S.S is billed as providing a standards compliant environment and toolset, and in the main that seems an entirely fair statement with a vast majority of popular standards and psuedo standards at your disposal. Of course not all standards are equal, and some require extensions that are proprietary in nature.\""
"2749" "\"“I don’t understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I’m interested in someone, and I don’t want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I’m not interested in that person.”\""
"2750" "\"Ever seen the NPR tiny desk series? These are bands who typically take command of a stage with amps, effects, roadies, and seething throngs of supporters. But instead, they are taking command of a room the size of my kitchen for a group of about 25. The result? Well, as long as the artist is worth a damn (think, the idea) it works at any scale. Is it different than the full-blown stage experience? Hell yeah. Is it as good or better? Certainly to the 25 people in the room it's better. Their expectations have been set for exclusive. intimate. Lo-Fi. And for the rest of us, watching at home, it's still pretty killer – thanks to NPR's broadcasting expertise.\""
"2751" "\"So, escape an emotionally abusive and brutal marriage situation that he flat out refused to ever attend counselling for, have IN HIS OWN HANDWRITING his confession(s) and regrets around not getting himself together and still doing the same things to me after decades of promises. He was writing in his journal to himself and when I found it, I asked if I could keep it. It was like one of several lucid moments he could simply not maintain. She knows already that he is a troubled person who suffers from life long addictions because I would NOT have had to leave him otherwise.\""
"2752" "\"Barack Obama is currently worth $5 million. That number, however, will likely skyrocket when he leaves office.\""
"2753" "\"The scene takes another turn, as the camera circles around the teller, as she makes her decision to return to the window and now commit to putting on the meaningless act of not displaying suspicion. This also once again demonstrates a smooth transition of moving from one space to another, as Shot 21 did.\""
"2754" "\"1. I don't know about you, but some days my hair just doesn't like to cooperate with me and no matter what I do it just doesn't like to fall right. For those days something like THIS pretty floral snood would be perfect for covering up your unruly locks into a fashionable 'do!! Found over at GARLANDS OF GRACE's shop.\""
"2755" "\"I actually used a pattern for this as I couldn't be bothered to draft my own, and there was a sale when I got it. I used M5811, it's great :) I like the length on it, it's quite long but still nice and cool for when its hot.\""
"2756" "\"Lohan isn’t my favourite celebrity but I’m the first to admit that she rocked this shoot full force.\""
"2757" "\"What are your goals? And what will they evolve into once you meet them? How do you feel as you progress toward your goals?\""
"2758" "\"Sometimes people ask me why I'm a vegetarian. It usually crops up at dinner-parties (not that I go to a lot of dinner parties, although I'm always open to invitations). I usually shrug and say that I've been a vegetarian for so long I don't really think about it. Part of the reason for this is that I'm not evangelical about it - we all have to find our own way through life in such matters. Another part though is a cop out, if I'm honest. If I say why I am a veggie then we'll all rehearse the same old arguments I've heard time and time again. (Similarly, I'm a double bass player - and whenever I take my bass somewhere, someone will say \\"Cor, that's a big violin, mate\\". Spare me).\""
"2759" "\"The reality is often far less exciting than the expectations we conjure up -- and the litigation in Meakin v British Broadcasting Corporation, Paul Smith and Celador Productions [2010] EWHC 2065 (Ch), 27 July 2010, raised initial hopes that we would get some hugely important ruling on the protection of TV game-show format rights. As it was, the troops spent years lining up against each other (Meakin first complained of infringement in 2004) but the battle was over before it started, Mr Justice Arnold (Chancery Division, England and Wales) granting the defendants summary judgment against Meakin's claims of copyright infringement.\""
"2760" "\"Asshole\""
"2761" "\"* I only had 1 can of diced tomatoes, so I used \\"Mild\\" Rotel tomatoes with diced green chilies and prepared spaghetti sauce from a jar to make up for the other 2 cans.\""
"2762" "\"Every Tuesday that you comment on (including this week) from this week until the 14th will give you an entry for the draw.\""
"2763" "\"Lucky’s ma was well known for her Agnes Moorhead voice (the Agnes Moorhead I know from Citizen Kane), offen sported a towel wrapped around her head, with her lips all painted red I thought she looked like the movie star just comin’ out of the shower; given the heinousness of choices I’d chose Lucky’s ma over Agnes Moorhead any day ‘cause Lucky’s ma was there in the flesh and Agnes Moorhead wasn’t; had several snapshots of his ma in his wallet Lucky did; showed them to me more than once, that showed just how proud Lucky was of his ma when she was all dolled up and ready to go out and dressed up just like Agnes Moorhead.\""
"2764" "\"As members of The Book Guild, I hope you will comment on this post to get the conversation going. Feel free to talk about Journal Spilling if you have a copy. And if you have created any journal pages or artwork based on Diana's book projects, please leave a link in the comments so we can all see.\""
"2765" "\"I cannot wait to unveil things now!\""
"2766" "\"“If you could convert photosynthesis into a really efficient process, the benefits for the world would be enormous.”\""
"2767" "\"The elite team was set up in 2009 by police boss General Bheki Cele to apprehend armed and dangerous suspects.\""
"2768" "\"Stamps - Silent Night Tilda (Magnolia) and Bells and Boughs (Stampin' Up)\""
"2769" "\"Colonial Williamsburg has reinstated the Jefferson Blog. Each week a Jefferson quote is posted on the blog and visitors are encouraged to respond discussing the relevance of his words to our world today. To celebrate the 250th anniversary of his W&M graduation, the quotes are focused around education.\""
"2770" "\"Several of the Best Picture contenders in recent years are represented by low-budget indie films, such as Juno (2007) and Little Miss Sunshine (2006). Mind you, they might have reaped millions from their Oscar nods after the fact.\""
"2771" "\"As a teen, when I really began to understand the events that lead up to and the crucifixion of Jesus, it became a very emotional story for me. Learning about the whipping, the struggle of carrying the cross, the hatred of the people, the cruelty of crucifixion as a death sentence... the darkness of all of it has been hard for me to think about.\""
"2772" "\"A few hours later teetering in a semi-reclined position with FB's help and some creativity duct taping a 50 lb. accordion onto me, I pulled myself together, went to my quiet place and said \\"YOU GOT THIS. YOU'RE GETTING IN THAT MOVIE. RIGHT NOW.\\" To my unborn child I explained, \\"Look pal, I'm about to play accordion basically on your face soooo....I'm not sure if you'll like this or not but this is who I am and I gotta get this job and this is what trying harder means so you'll just have to sit tight in there and enjoy the new sounds....cause it's gonna be loud.\\"\""
"2773" "\"ISBN 0385618042\""
"2774" "\"all i can think of is how i'd love to sit down and pick your brain. you were a product of the depression, and you prospered because of it, on very little money.\""
"2775" "\"My little sister is visiting for her spring break and we're having a pretty good time hanging out. She's also getting married in a couple of months so we're spending time taxi-ing her all over the valley so that she can get her schtuff done. I think I might have to play the pregnancy card tomorrow though. Girlfriend is picky and likes to check out lots of stuff and frankly, I'm POOPED!\""
"2776" "\"5). Comedy Face of the Week. Now, this prize was hotly contested, mostly by Dr. G. I particularly liked the “Bloody hell, this is cold!” face that he pulled when he leapt into the Napa River, and came up spluttering something about how cold the water was. Then there was the face he pulled as his new girlfriend, Yolanda, started to chew on his ear. But, despite his best attempts, he has been pipped at the post by the stick insect with its novelty jumping act. Taking this photo was quite the challenge, since every time I got too close, this leggy insect would leap up into the air. If he was so inclined, he could even throw in a backward somersault, with a half twist.\""
"2777" "\"It reminds of what Fr. Paul Murray said in my Spiritual Theology class last semester. Jesus did not start his ministry by giving lectures. They needed something else. He started with love and mercy. Obviously he challenged them to recognize their sins but he did it through his love. It's the same way with men and women grieving over past abortion. You need to be sensitive to their hurt and help them to realize God can and does forgive them. But it does not help them to mitigate the truth and say it was not a sin. They need the truth but through a ministry of love.\""
"2778" "\"\\"I know, right?\\" I say.\""
"2779" "\"Last week Thursday, bf won the raffle at Muckleshoot Casino in Auburn, Washington! There must have been over a couple thousand raffle tickets in the bin! It was a really fun day for both of us. He ended up winning $450 cash. My parents were so excited when they heard the news. lol They're really into casino raffles. Haha, my Mom called me randomly during the work day to remind me to remind bf to buy Mega Millions lottery tickets because he's on a lucky strike!\""
"2780" "\"I hate to disappoint him, but usually after a trip away, even a short one, his favourite game is a bit like spot the difference. As in, how many new or 'new' old things has Amanda been able to sneak into the house during his absence.\""
"2781" "\"Being a long distance lover, you live for those weekend getaways. There’s an excitement attached to hopping on a plane and leaving your mundane world behind for the arms of your lover/love.\""
"2782" "\"i’m old enough\""
"2783" "\"Nevertheless perhaps the Orange Coats who have been taking part in some of their greatest hockey louis vuitton online kaufen in franchise record had been knocked off for your 16thstraight in time Knoxville since the Potential predators or innovators obtained 3 times inside the 3 rd to be able to wipe out the Coats 3-2.\""
"2784" "\"So, what's your secret talent? I'm weirdly good at knowing exactly what time it is, even if I haven't looked at a clock in hours. (Whattup.) And my little brother can ride a unicycle!\""
"2785" "\"When we got back to Craster, one of the fishing boats was being launched from the beach. It was being dragged down the beach by a metal cable that ran from a wheel house across the road from the harbour through some pulley's attached to the rocks and then fastened to the boats stern. Meanwhile the fishermen where putting\""
"2786" "\"Or, conversely, maybe you're just doing what every other person on the planet does... which is looking at your own life and trying to fit it into some great, big cosmic pattern, because no one can stand the thought that they aren't right at the center of everything important. Which is why countless apocalyptic writers - like me, for instance - always seem to say the antichrist has just appeared. Or is just about to appear. Antiochus, Frederick II, Peter the Great, and a pile of other people have been named and accused and everyone held their breath, and whoever the boogeyman was just made his way through life, then croaked, and somehow the world didn't end.\""
"2787" "\"money and the People are exempt from levy – so you attorneys never pay\""
"2788" "\"That being a teenager doesn't last forever...but the memory of those days DO, and to choose how she makes those memories so so wisely.\""
"2789" "\"Not the cicada\""
"2790" "\"He was late. And when he did finally arrive, he seemed unprepared. He had the jittery, showy energy of a street mime, making fun of the title of the workshop, I suppose as a way of endearing himself to the young people. I tried to remind myself that the brothers were there, first and foremost, to live our their vows to Christ and the community, and second, to reach the young. Whether or not I liked him was of absolutely no consequence. Still, there were two things I remember well from that hour:\""
"2791" "\"Readers of Candace Calvert’s books were first introduced to Riley Hale in Code Triage, which was set at Golden Gate Mercy Hospital in San Francisco. Riley has now moved back to her home state of Texas and is desperate to regain the full set of skills needed to be an ER nurse. She doesn’t just need to prove herself to her employers and her family; she’s desperate to prove to herself that she can do everything she was able to do before the attack. Her associates love the work she does as a chaplain, but Riley doesn’t see that role in her future. She and Jack see each other as a means to an end: she can get the practice she needs at his free clinic and he thinks he can use her family name to keep his clinic open and possibly obtain funding for it.\""
"2792" "\"A watercolor by Post-Impressionist master Paul Cezanne, missing for nearly six decades before being found recently in Texas, fetched $19.12 million Tuesday at Christie’s auction house in New York.\""
"2793" "\"The subhead says: “Presenting ERTIGA. The Life Utility Vehicle.”\""
"2794" "\"Finally the Pessah is over, as well as the immediate Shabbat following. Don’t get me wrong, I enjoy both, but in the end you just want to return to normal, especially after two days not having any connection to the world around you.\""
"2795" "\"How to beat this deck: Just like with Frites, which is focused around the graveyard, cards that close it down like Nihil Spellbomb, Grafdigger’s Cage, and Surgical Extraction will work well. Countering Messenger will be important, and cards that exile will be useful as well.\""
"2796" "\"What are your favorite books? Share so I can add them to my list!\""
"2797" "\"I haven't try'ed any of these beers as i find not reason to pour this junk down me and yes thats right i'm a student, so yes i do drink cheap lout on certain nights out from time to time, as for being tricked by the major bre... corporations on what to drink or how to drink it by lazy or even offensive advertising i think ill pass. Bring on a nice bottle of Brew dog 77 lager any day of the year.\""
"2798" "\"684 D-XI/25-27/1974. On the Rosenberg-Sobell Case. With Malcolm P. Sharp and Morton Sobell. Channel 7-TV, Chicago, Illinois.\""
"2799" "\"The specific complaint relates to:\""
"2800" "\"Although a Smartphone can easily have the computing power to handle an EMV transaction, and the smartphone is certainly capable of connecting to a variety of wireless, (or contactless) systems, few examples exist of systems that can process an EMV transaction through NFC using all of the ‘chip & PIN’ functionality and protocols that are responsible for the great reduction in face-to-face fraud.\""
"2801" "\"is concealed inside the shoe where research has\""
"2802" "\"The inability to prove your own nationality can be a major obstacle in realizing even the most basic of human rights. For example, in many ex-Yugoslav states, all citizens of a certain age are required to hold a valid state-issued identification card which is necessary for accessing a number of social services. The application for the card requires documents that a stateless or legally invisible person is unlikely to possess, such as birth certificate and proof of citizenship. Without this card or other forms of identification, living a normal life is difficult. In Macedonia, for\""
"2803" "\"To all writers: when you have to give up an idea - if it wasn't working, didn't get published, whatever - it's not wasted. One day, you might see how to write it entirely differently, and better. If not, the seed can lie dormant for as long as it's needed, and when the right time comes you will find a way to grow it. Or if you don't, it will still strengthen you. So, never view an idea as wasted.\""
"2804" "\"PO Kris Aquino: Oh gosh. Sorrrrrry! I’m so mean. Sorry po talaga. I honestly thought you were… never mind. Please proceed.\""
"2805" "\"A novel by Kate Atkinson is always cause for celebration. When it features the somewhat tormented retired policeman, Jackson Brodie, the celebration is even greater!\""
"2806" "\"These are all fantastic challenges so be sure to stop by and play along with them. There is so much inspiration to see at each one!\""
"2807" "\"Let me show you how this thing'll shape up. Shall we?\""
"2808" "\"ME - I'm pretty sure it is.\""
"2809" "\"When you care enough, you send the very best and call just to see how you’re doing.\""
"2810" "\"Can't even remember the name but this is how it goes.\""
"2811" "\"Next, from what the sheet lists as a company called Preston Ale, came a very nice pale ale. While good, it didn't stand up to a side-by-side battle with Ise Kadoya's new pale ale, which had a fuller flavor and more bitterness.\""
"2812" "\"“Both propeller blades came off – the whole thing just destroyed itself. It just completely self-destructed.\""
"2813" "\"And the creative juices? They are not flowing. Rather, they are stagnating and fermenting, like my sour, bloaty stomach.\""
"2814" "\"HAS no theme strictly speaking...\""
"2815" "\"He also went on to form two groups with Feza and Moholo. The first was Assagai an afro-rock band who recorded for the Vertigo label. The second was Spear, with whom he recorded the seminal afro-jazz album \\"In The Townships\\" in 1973. Assagai and Spear, which recorded a few albums in the early 1970s, blended kwela rhythms, rocking guitars, and jazz solos.\""
"2816" "\"Scripture: John 1:43-51\""
"2817" "\"Now, here is what I’ve done with the knowledge of who I am. I know I was born this way, but we are all born with personal struggles. Some more than others. Those struggles can be anything between a drinking problem, a self-harm problem, a drug problem, or a lust problem(of all kinds.)\""
"2818" "\"The official crime statistics are heavily massaged by the corrupt, and sometimes complicit, ANC government, and their staggering lies reported unquestioningly by a media, who earlier this actually reported with a straight face that crime rates were higher in Britain.\""
"2819" "\"For those of you that would like to make this yourself, which I KNOW you totally can, here is an abridged version on how to make this. If you need any help or have questions, you can email me also.\""
"2820" "\"17.Friends (Page/Plant)\""
"2821" "\"The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is a religious conflict. I support the Palestinian cause. I support the Palestinian children. I lose sleep over the suffering of Palestinian women. I cannot even step on an ant, so how could I possibly be against them? This is inconceivable. This is a political conflict, and they should ask their leaders about what they have done to resolve the problem. But the problem is rooted in religion. A week or two ago, I read a short story in an Islamic book, according to which Muhammad was walking with some of his followers when they heard a commotion. They asked him: “What is this, Messenger of Allah?” He said: “These are the Jews being tormented in the grave.” Regardless of the conflicts Muhammad had with the Jews back then, this statement indicates that the graves of their ancestors were in Saudi Arabia, correct?\""
"2822" "\"He went home; unable to run and unable to cry.\""
"2823" "\"Take care and thanks for popping by.\""
"2824" "\"Concert Date :\""
"2825" "\"A hand that pulled me into a life I didn’t know existed\""
"2826" "\"Though we are getting ahead of ourselves in this article and as to later proposed research, we believe any real student of Dr. Bob’s remarks will find that A.A.’s co-founder was still doing the daily prayer and Bible-reading, was still conducting prayer-meetings, was still going to church, was still supporting his church, was still talking about doing his Master’s will, was still emphasizing the leading of a Christian life, and was not only talking about these things throughout his A.A. years, but was urging these things on his “pigeons”—as he called the new AAs. There was no significant talk in Christian Endeavor about the Four Absolutes of the Oxford Group; of a life-changing “art” of self-examination, confession of sins to another person, conviction, and “conversion” leading to a spiritual awakening. Nor even about some of pioneer A.A.’s own favored ideas in the Book of James, including James 5:16.\""
"2827" "\"Pointed my way\""
"2828" "\"The thing that I still find incredible is the ability for the body to adjust itself in mid-air, in a spit second, in order to protect someone else. It is still a blur of slow motion in my mind's eye. So in order to get the art stuff done that needs to get done, I've been laying low on the typing. Hopefully it will feel 100% soon.\""
"2829" "\"than what we have been told\""
"2830" "\"To serve, you top the beets with balsamic gastrique, which is just balsamic vinegar and sugar cooked together (for a really long time) until it becomes syrupy.\""
"2831" "\"but he kissed her anyway\""
"2832" "\"The Tinplate Company of India Limited has submitted to the Exchange the Standalone Financial Results for the period ended September 30,2010.\""
"2833" "\"Some sprays of branches reaching up to the sun:\""
"2834" "\"Let the farmer hang the toil-worn plough on its post:\""
"2835" "\"I'll make the cake next, after I get the eggs.\""
"2836" "\"● African officials complain of hypocrisy and double standards on the part of Westerners, who used DDT to eradicate their own malaria problems decades ago but now push Africa to rely on harder-to-implement methods such as mosquito nets.\""
"2837" "\"11 - What's A Place Like You... (6:24)\""
"2838" "\"As one who tries to keep up with what’s going on in the world, especially the world of humans as they interact with the environment, I check out the Sierra Club’s monthly magazine column “Up To Speed” from time to time. In that column they list some of the more notable things going on around the world that affect us all. Let’s start with the bad news in the latest edition of the magazine.\""
"2839" "\"I then proceeded to explain that this song is a plea for thinking for yourself. The lyric \\"All I wanted was a Pepsi\\" has been a kind of rallying cry to me for making my own choices. All teenagers struggle through a phase where no one in the world understands them, especially their parents. I went through it. But it doesn't have to mean a flat rejection of where you come from, your family's values, beliefs, education. (That would be just as unthinking, wouldn't it?) It just means that you follow what you follow for your reasons, not anyone else's.\""
"2840" "\"a little gift of \\"guilt free\\" French bread and sugar is headed for your doorstep,\""
"2841" "\"I can invite, seek to persuade, encourage, teach, point and pray. But there is only so much I can do. And the great weight of this life God carries, and only He can change and control and redeem.\""
"2842" "\"New York and North Dakota could be added to the Democratic list as well depending on candidate recruitment. I'm still skeptical about California but we'll see.\""
"2843" "\"Below are some thoughts I’ve had about possible topics:\""
"2844" "\"iCloud was released as a remedy to the debacle that was MobileMe. Often not working correctly and arguably overpriced when pitted against the free alternatives offered by Google, Dropbox and the rest, MobileMe was doomed from the outset. With nothing but outages and issues when it initially launched, MobileMe was instantly seen as a failure and then never really regained the trust of users after that.\""
"2845" "\"Serbia's President Boris Tadic said the referendum \\"jeopardizes the interests\\" of Serbia and further complicates ongoing dialogue with Kosovo's ethnic Albanians as Belgrade tries to make some concessions toward the Pristina government, a precondition for Serbia's path to EU accession.\""
"2846" "\"Dear Heavenly Father! Thank You for choosing me out of the world for Your glory. Thank You for the divine ability You’ve given me to be a success and a victor in life. I declare that my life is for Your praise, glory and beauty, as I take the necessary steps today to bring forth durable fruits unto Your Holy Name! Amen!\""
"2847" "\"The Medifast 5 & 1 Plan is the basic plan for weight loss used by most Medifast clients. Medifast Meals are low-fat and have a low glycemic index. They are safe for clients with type 2 diabetes. Many have been certified gluten-free by the Gluten-Free Certification Organization, with more certifications to follow. In addition, through continual research and careful testing, Medifast has developed special meal plans so that more of our clients can use Medifast products to successfully lose weight and maintain a healthy lifestyle. Medifast has developed plans for vegetarians, people with diabetes, teens, seniors,nursing mothers, people with gout, and people undergoing bariatric surgery. We also have detailed plan information for those taking anticoagulants and for those who choose to avoid soy.\""
"2848" "\"\\"Now We Are Free\\" by Hans Zimmer & Lisa Gerrard - I have three different versions of this song (the theme music to Gladiator, starring Russell Crowe), one of them a dance mix I have personally subtitled the \\"Boogie-Downus Maximus Mix\\". The film itself I feel is a bit flat. The three best aspects: the score, Joaquin Phoenix, and the hot uber-muscled gladiator who is unfairly killed in the revolt. The film was released around the time I was in Rome, so this score is especially nostalgic for me.\""
"2849" "\"He also says that my academic performance is at risk because of this. I know it somehow affects my acads but it makes me a more holistic individual because I CAN balance studies and extra-curricular activities. I really do.\""
"2850" "\"Be sure to drop by the blog today for the official design team announcement. There is such a variety of talent on this design team. I can't wait to see everyone's designs!\""
"2851" "\"The House of Representatives have a total of 44 black members which is the largest number on record. However, they may not transition to the Senate races. In fact only two blacks were found on the ballot for Senate seats. One C. Muse the strongest black candidate for a seat and who was predicted to win the seat came in a distant second to Sen. Ben Cardin according to CNN. “CNN found only one other African-American on a Senate ballot, a Florida candidate who isn’t getting much attention among a wide field of contenders.”\""
"2852" "\"Miss Daisy brought me my mom, so I could say goodbye. This was entirely too real now. I was terrified. My mother prayed for me and it was really hard to concentrate being that I was having surgery for boobs. It was open heart surgery or anything. Does God support that? My body is a temple and I was about to undergo some remodeling. Surely, he’d be okay with me feeling good about myself.\""
"2853" "\"The report makes one other reference to copyright: at the end of the chapter on Australian content, it refers to submissions it received regarding support for independent producers including ‘statutory licensing arrangements to encourage the exploitation of back catalogue’. This proposal would seem to be connected with current considerations of ‘orphan works’ (works whose rightsholders cannot be identified and/or located), and solutions to enable the use of those works. Following research commissioned by Screenrights, the University of Technology Sydney is launching a white paper on this issue on 3 May. Research on orphan works is also being carried out by the University of New South Wales, with support from the Copyright Agency Cultural Fund.\""
"2854" "\"This podcasting stuff is kinda fun.\""
"2855" "\"I am so much calmer in my life, and have scheduled cleaning time to keep on top of it all into my “working week”. I schedule my time each week so as I work productively each day, being specific as to the work I am doing or cleaning that needs to be done. Those doubting people out there YES I AM WORKING!!!\""
"2856" "\"Excerpt: The graph shows a huge upswing in labor participation through the Reagan years. George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kept the numbers up in Reagan territory. Since Obama has taken over, he has wiped out the entirety of the Reagan gains.\""
"2857" "\"Cheltinham would be great1.\""
"2858" "\"\\"I can't find Season in your address book.\\"\""
"2859" "\"Thanks for stopping by and please leave a comment, I love reading them.\""
"2860" "\"2 tsp orange juice\""
"2861" "\"This is Mrs. Wife's favorite building in New York. Doesn't she have great taste?! They've taken a portion of Broadway in front of The Flatiron away from the taxis and traffic and turned it into public space. It's a fantastic place to sit and whittle away a few hours.\""
"2862" "\"I love my PJ style trousers. I got them a couple of years ago and now I’m super glad they are in fashion. I no longer get funny looks from people who think that I’m just too lazy to get ready.\""
"2863" "\"The cellar - a nail-studded door\""
"2864" "\"The frost is on the pumpkins\""
"2865" "\"Thankfulness is foundational to life. It is essential for the spiritual life. It is not a task engaged in periodically, but it is to flow from our hearts and lips at all times. And it is always possible to be grateful, if we are intentional in looking towards God and His many kindnesses towards us.\""
"2866" "\"I'm gonna crawl into the crib with my daughter now and cry.\""
"2867" "\"I recognize that those “people” have always been out there but when they would say things to me about his behavior I would defend him or make excuses for him. I am no longer afraid to stand up against him or his actions. He no longer has power over me.\""
"2868" "\"Well, what are we to make of this? Virtual communities cannot replace real, face-to-face communities. They can’t perform the function of providing meaning and fellowship in the same way. And they certainly can’t serve as intermediate structures between the individual and an all-powerful government. Virtual community is really no substitute for the real thing.\""
"2869" "\"I've trans-mogrified the new section for ease of reading:\""
"2870" "\"and petals fall in her wake of the ultimate knowing that all hold dear and share.\""
"2871" "\"I would love your feedback before I finalize the book. I know my current menu is pretty \\"clean\\" but it does have the occasional canned soup or packaged corn bread mix. This one will use whole foods.\""
"2872" "\"Walking around at intermission, I went into the quire (choir) and looked back toward the performance area just beyond the arch. The organ provided a lovely backdrop for the concert, the silhouette of which can be seen here above the screen, but it was not played.\""
"2873" "\"Madeline Daniels. Ph.D.: Dr. Daniels holds a Ph.D. in transpersonal psychology (1975), and another in clinical psychology (1988). She is a Full Member of the American Psychological Association, and a California licensed psychologist. She is also a Life Fellow of the American College of Forensic Examiners, and on the Board of the American Board of Intelligence Analysts. She holds Diplomate status as a Forensic Examiner and a Forensic Psychologist, as well as a Certification as Medical Investigator Level V. She was the Executive Director of Crossroads Center, a private counseling and consulting group in New Hampshire from 1979 to 1993. She has conducted workshops and in-service training, gave numerous professional presentations, and has taught at the State University of New York, the University of New Hampshire, and Humboldt State University in California, as well as a variety of community colleges. She wrote a syndicated newspaper column from 1982 to 1988, and authored 3 books. In 1983 she had a radio show in Boston, “Family Talk.” From 1988 to 1993, she ran an educational non-profit called the Spectrum Cross-Cultural Institute For Youth, Inc. (SCIY) which gave multi-cultural presentations in hundreds of schools throughout the U.S. and overseas. In addition, she drafted legislation to “support multi-cultural and multi-ethnic education for New Hampshire students,” and lobbied for 2 years with support from all political parties, conservatives and liberals. The bill was unanimously approved by the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1990. She relocated to California in 1993. After nearly 17 years of working with victims and survivors of trauma and abuse, she began working with those who committed such crimes. She ran a parole outpatient clinic part-time for a year, then moved on to a forensic practice and contract work in over a dozen prisons. Her experience in California include over 500 hours on Child Protection Services cases and over 400 hours working in county jails. She now has a clinical practice in the Greater San Jose area.\""
"2874" "\"Based on Rose's post about her success great mistake in using unbleached flour in a bundt pan, I decided to use unbleached flour in my cupcakes. Am I mad? A bundt pan is clearly not a cupcake liner. But whilst reading Rose's post, one of the few remaining synapses in my brain fired, and I recalled making about 120 cupcakes from Rose's TCB white velvet buttercake recipe with unbleached flour and they were soft and gorgeous and perfect. So, I reasoned, small pan size + ambivalence to bleachedness of flour = success.\""
"2875" "\"So yes, today shall be Day One. Off I go liftingpullingflopping till I eventually rollllll :)\""
"2876" "\"2009-10 Panini Threads\""
"2877" "\"Shit, this eight-hour trip took me five days to write up!\""
"2878" "\"It was 95 degrees that morning and, because of the Satan Ana winds, we were kind of afraid to take off our jackets, so naturally a breakfast of ice cream sundaes at Gibson Girl Ice Cream Parlor for breakfast seemed like a stellar move! Mmmmmmmmmm!\""
"2879" "\"Is it any wonder that people home educate their kids more and more these days?\""
"2880" "\"23. The Last King of Scotland (Forrest Whitaker) – Wow, what a movie.\""
"2881" "\"We also need to mow in the goat field and the yard. Fortunately, we have three lawn mowers. One is a riding mower. We’ll use it for the larger areas. The second mower is a push mower. It’s perfect for the front and side yards, as well as any tight areas. The third mower is a sickle mower that is mainly used for very tall grasses, brambles, and hay. It may not get used today.\""
"2882" "\"Then she asked, “How are you?” as if I was just an afterthought, or as if she just noticed I had been standing there for the past few minutes.\""
"2883" "\"And Eleanore, who feels like she needs to use her baby voice whenever shes talking to her almost-two-year-old little sister, likes to play copycat and join in. Especially when she catches me gushing over how adorable whatever it is, is. And even though it sometimes annoys me that she does things like that for attention, its still pretty adorable to see sisters, side by side, ooh'ing and aaah'ing over the morning flock of hungry boodees, and all things nature like. Fine fine, use your baby voice until your whine turns into a whisper for all I care, just so long as nobody is fighting or crying- be precious all morning.\""
"2884" "\"‘What’s the difference?’ They yelled.\""
"2885" "\"Which is why he is totally enjoying our new house.\""
"2886" "\"You put your arms around me and I’m home\""
"2887" "\"Happy Valentine's Day to all my friends!!!!\""
"2888" "\"Well, it's 8:30 on a Sunday... beautiful out, sunny, breezy, cold... A perfect late winter New England day.\""
"2889" "\"Just about everyone knows Romans 8:28. You can find it on cards, plaques, pictures, etc., but people often fail to go on and read the next verse. Verse twenty-eight says that God has a purpose. Verse twenty-nine tells us what the purpose is.\""
"2890" "\"Very positive and uplifting. And here is my synopsis of the death of this bill:\""
"2891" "\"I pull out my keychain and try to scan the ragged and frayed customer loyalty tag. After the first two attempts and it doesn’t register, I’m still reasonably patient. After three more, my brow starts to furrow. After five more, I’m having violent flashbacks of trying to get wrinkled dollar bills in the junior high vending machine. At about the tenth try, I’m cursing whoever designed the loyalty card (“Let’s see. . . We need something that will stand up to the wear and tear and rubbing against metal keys every day. I know, let’s just laminate a piece of paper.”). Then it finally beeps.\""
"2892" "\"At the end of 2010 I attended two English Defence League meetings to see how the organisation could be incorporated within a political party and to look at its political intentions for the future. In January 2011 I attended a meeting of the English Democrats council in order to discuss possible affiliation and to talk over their manifesto and political aims. Neither of these avenues progressed further. In April, I wrote to all four leaders of the main nationalist/patriotic parities and group, suggesting unification.\""
"2893" "\"Part of my problem is procrastination. I was not a good planner this week. I feel like the most distracted person in the world.\""
"2894" "\"Ink: Poppy Parade, Peach Parfait, Concord Crush\""
"2895" "\"I wanted to send a little shout out to the just announced winners of the first annual Design Bloggers Conference Hall of Fame. First, let me say that I am not actually at the conference. It just didn't fit into my schedule or budget this year. But if you follow the hashtag #dbc2021 on Twitter, you can nearly feel like you're there - you know, without the warm LA weather (warmer than New England, at lease!) and all the hugging and air kissing.\""
"2896" "\"7 Does This Bus Stop At 82nd Street?\""
"2897" "\"We were glad.\""
"2898" "\"The girls play nurse and care for infants at KPJ hospital. Parents peek from a distance, behind glass, as they don pink coats and give babies sponge baths, swabbing their navels and carefully wrapping them in a blanket. They feed them milk. It is, I have to admit, unbearably cute.\""
"2899" "\"Smile and Wave has a new home! I've transferred all of the posts from this year to Typepad and plan on bringing the rest over later this week or next for easy access and to keep the feeling of a substantial blog intact. I've still got some unpacking to do in my new space but it feels good to have a fresh, new look.\""
"2900" "\"If on a Winter's Night a Traveler\""
"2901" "\"Below that key, you should see a 9.0 key. Select the 9.0 registry key.\""
"2902" "\"Here is this week's Card sketch challenge you may make up to 3 cards and use ANY colors that you would like.\""
"2903" "\"“Mommy, what are we doin’?”, the girl frowned. Her blue eyes furrowed and she rubbed her nose against her white sleeve.\""
"2904" "\"* Finding out information from an Encyclopedia\""
"2905" "\"37. Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry - Taylor (1976)\""
"2906" "\"me and progress;\""
"2907" "\"3. Next stir in the kosher salt and oil. Follow it up by 2 1/2 cups of flour. Mix until it is a ball.\""
"2908" "\"Saturday, April 28, 2012\""
"2909" "\"The second question, and subsequent answer, require much inspection, but at the present moment, we are most concerned with how nature is materially possible. This is because the formal conditions for the possibility of nature pertain to the understanding, whereas, at present, our inquiry is primarily concerned with Kant’s musings on objects of experience ‘in’ space and time. For Kant, the latter is an investigation firstly of sensibility.\""
"2910" "\"25th? Autism awareness month is flying by… I felt a bit despondent yesterday thinking “am I doing enough, what more can I do?” but because autism is an invisible disability it’s almost “baby steps” and awareness one-by-one. More of that later…\""
"2911" "\"Public opinion where \\"Assent becomes a duty\\"\""
"2912" "\"But I can get the points for anything. Anything. Twinkies! Three points. If your goal is simply to see a smaller number on the scale and the tag of your pants then by all means just add up points, no matter what the food. But are you really getting healthy? You can calculate the points in diet coke (0), McDonald’s fries (5 in a small), and a Quaker Chewy Dips Granola Bar (3 for the Chocolate chip). But are you looking at what is IN these foods? Do you actually know what the ingredients are? What they do to your body?\""
"2913" "\"Hey beautiful people,it’s yet another day in spring and i feel like blogging so here we go:\""
"2914" "\"Daydreaming is often categorized as “fantasizing”. The main difference between the two words is that a daydream has the “possibility” of becoming real, while the word “fantasy” has been designated the energy of “not real”.\""
"2915" "\"The buyout figures into Sony CEO Kazuo Hirai’s larger strategy to focus on producing high-end devices with unique capabilities that capitalize on Sony’s strengths.\""
"2916" "\"7. Mountain West - -1.63\""
"2917" "\"Give your story tellers the money and staff they deserve. They weaved an excellent story through the Journal of Justice; I can only imagine what they could do if you let them continue that, as well as other media.\""
"2918" "\"Oftentimes, characteristics as such are overlooked by material-based and shallow individuals that cannot see past the acronyms and newest updates on Facebook. Time is not taken to pause for a moment, and such gorgeous qualities are overlooked.\""
"2919" "\"Ah children…. they grow up so fast….\""
"2920" "\"I find it pretty disappointing that the Mayor of Fremantle keeps repeating the same untrue mantra about Planning Scheme Amendment 49.\""
"2921" "\"Just as they had drilled on Earth, the two men detached their land craft from the underside of the lander. Its massive wheels dug deep into the Moon’s static landscape, leaving a lasting trail. The two men bounced along in relative silence. Only the sound of the buggy’s wheels digging into the dirt accompanied them over the dividing point. The temperature dropped rapidly as they crossed over into the dark. Kostya prayed that the new thermal linings developed for the mission would be enough to keep them warm. Vanya turned on a rack of floodlights to illuminate their path.\""
"2922" "\"Otherwise, \\"Little Man\\" (as I call him) has been gaining over an ounce a day since he's been home! He got a stellar review from the doctor at his 2 week appointment on Monday. She doesn't see any need to see him until his 2 month visit!\""
"2923" "\"It was one of those miscellaneous evenings where you found yourself meandering back from K-nags. I have a strong feeling that it wasn’t an infamous Tuesday Dinner which drove us from the confines of our red brick haven. Nor was it a sudden realization that the first of the month was stealing past us and the Gelato Place was happily doling out scoops of an absurd flavour for a ridiculously cheap price. I vaguely remember being addicted to cranberry juice that summer. And an hour before being helplessly locked inside Rez for the night, a quick trip to Malka Ganj happened to be my only hope.\""
"2924" "\"Thread the cubes onto a metal skewer, brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the skewer around the edge of the fire and turn it frequently until soft all the way through. This will take at least an hour and be careful not to let them burn.\""
"2925" "\"Asheville exists effortlessly. It boldly inhabits the artistic spaces that so many other cities marginalize through bizarre zoning and an uncomfortably excessive rule of law. Guitarists, mandolin players, and all sorts of dilettantes of Eastern string instruments riddle the sidewalk. Asheville was founded as a sort of liaison between expanding white settlements and the Cherokee nation. This imbues the streets with Western quality. The casual milling of people resting between adventures mixing with the happy simplicity of musicians, writers, artists, and tattooed baristas (who are usually beautiful young women, I’ve never ordered so many double shots of espresso) basking in a warm vibrant culture.\""
"2926" "\"I can hardly believe it myself but I haven’t taken on a romance author in over a year –until now. In fact, I haven’t taken on a historical romance author since Sherry Thomas and oddly enough, it was Sherry who discovered Courtney Milan and sent her my way.\""
"2927" "\"1-2 teaspoons ground cumin **\""
"2928" "\"Because the majority of children go to school, home-educated children don’t have as many peers to associate with during the day; some children might feel lonely or as they get older they might wish to spend more time with their peers. But this doesn’t indicate insufficient socialization or poor social development. Not having a satisfactory social life can happen whether you go to school or not.\""
"2929" "\"It is unclear whether Levi was attracted to Sunny because of her youth (20 years old), or her chin (which reminds him of Bristol’s new chin that he never got to enjoy.)\""
"2930" "\"3/4 cup all purpose flour\""
"2931" "\"Besides: Isn't that the kind of pressure that actual journalists have to deal with day-in and day-out? (Hey: If I can pull this off, anyone want to hire me to cover film festivals full time? Anyone?)\""
"2932" "\"Once again I put the call-out to friends, housemates and colleagues that they could join me in the latest of my history making, taste-killing, logic-defying filmic outings. I offered them a world of pop, lock and robot moves like they had never seen it before. Surprisingly, very few people answered the call. Even the indiscriminate Peta, with whom I once sat through an unofficial Cutting Edge-a-thon*, bowed out.\""
"2933" "\"I prefer to let children do all of the above with rocks, twigs, dolls, dishes, hot wheels etc. The more they are allowed to relate math to their surroundings the easier it will be for them to identify how math is used everyday. Baking and cooking are also excellent tools to teach math, as are knitting or crocheting. Keep it simple, keep it real.\""
"2934" "\"At 0 or a negative number you save versus death or die. If you save you revive to 1hp in 1d6 rounds. Monsters love to coup de gras helpless dudes. So you are probably going to die anyway.\""
"2935" "\"7.) Fish-Fishan\""
"2936" "\"Thank you, God, for silence—deliberate, yet without tedium. Thank you for serenity—stillness, without feelings of guilt. Thank you for solitude—just enough, without being lonely. Thank you for peace of mind—may we share it with the world.\""
"2937" "\"Mimi Alford should be just ever so slightly embarrassed to write a book about an affair she had with President Kennedy, if only for the fact that any woman he was involved with must have been held in bas relief as a very distant second -- or third, or fourth -- to the gracious Jacqueline Kennedy. What woman would even want to admit to that?\""
"2938" "\"Organization:\""
"2939" "\"8) Looting. Most of the stuff will be taken initially but there will always be french cut green beans and creamed corn, nobody like that stuff… not even the homeless. However, after a time there will be those people that fall victim to the weather, disease, the before mentioned gangs and warlords, and each other. Once dead however they wont need their stuff anymore! So have at it, you could even take a shopping cart along with you to load stuff in like in that movie, The Road.\""
"2940" "\"Being held hostage by what the wind and the rains could do drove us more than a little nuts. Only so many goods can be baked, so many games played, so much shut-eye acquired. I know my grandparents were probably more than a little disappointed to find that this storm didn't require us to evacuate - if Lee had become a full-fledged hurricane, we'd have headed up to my parents' in Oklahoma City where, coincidentally, my grandparents happened to be visiting this past weekend. After having checked the Gulf Coast surf reports early Monday morning in a last-ditch gesture of eternal hope that was dashed on discovering the possible wave heights, I found myself wishing we'd piled into the car and gone anyhow, even if the closest body of water we'd be near would be the artificial Lake Hefner. Maybe if I were experiencing all of this by myself, things would've been different, but the cabin fever my husband was suffering was highly contagious.\""
"2941" "\"I knew I'd be awarding a third prize, but I only decided on the category after I chose the third winner. Budd claims this one with some sage advice on how we can survive the uprising:\""
"2942" "\"I hadn't even thought about it until this morning when I responded to a thread about mobile computing using a laptop, but they offer 2 GB of free storage.\""
"2943" "\"Dawkins’s Defense of Chance\""
"2944" "\"Commander Mikhail Frunze, a native of what is now the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek, took the Red Army with him on his trip back home. The corpulent pederast Alim Khan sought to shore up his Bukharan throne by casting gaggles of gap-toothed dancing boys before the advancing Bolshevik hordes, only to see the bacchás shorn, shod and shown how to shoot sodomites.\""
"2945" "\"Me: We are on a family plan. I contacted Verizon tonight. I am changing my plan tomorrow. But it’s too late.\""
"2946" "\"P.S. I will be sure to post something of interest later. I've got quite a few ideas for this little blog now :).\""
"2947" "\"Other than my house, the outdoors were exciting and intimidating. I liked to be outside, yet I didn’t. I liked the outdoors because of the scent of nature. Astoria had this very natural smell because of the gardens in front of everyone’s house. I loved the smell of the outdoors especially when it was raining. Whenever there was rain, the world started to release all of her fragrances for us to inhale. The plants all come to life and tickle at the nose. In Astoria Park, there was a giant river called the East River. It’s not the cleanest river, but it is relaxing to watch and calms me. It reminds me of water, which reminds me of rain, which reminds me of the great outside that school pulls me away from.\""
"2948" "\"This week I've brought you Eleanor Mae Hatter in a different color scheme. She dresses up beautifully in any color and is versatile for lots of occasions. She's available in foam mounted red rubber stamp.\""
"2949" "\"While I am putting a load of whites in the washer (and remembering to put the Water Selection dial to “Cold” because our washer labels are mixed-up), I had this thought:\""
"2950" "\"Hi everyone, I have had a few people express concerns that I hadn't posted in a while so I thought I should leave a quick note. All is well, however, computer problems, having to be out of town for a while and family obligations have kept me out of my craft room for almost 3 weeks (yikes!). I hope to start creating and posting again soon.\""
"2951" "\"I am convinced every pen has a person that loves it, this one just isn't for me. It has so many strikes against it that it's not funny but it is a Sheaffer and that is a plus.. Man hands... still funny.\""
"2952" "\"In other news, Harper Seven Beckham \\"puked up\\" all over Victoria at the Airport, why the hell does she not put the child in a bloody pushchair? I just don't get it and can only assume that there have been Kidnap threats that we don't know about, which make VB afraid to put the child down! Kids are all too precious and love to be held as much as we love to hold them, but I am sure Harper would be more comfortable at nap time if she were ensconced in a Bugaboo Frog on a nice little Sheepskin liner.....bliss, I've gone all sleepy just typing that and imagine the risk of Vicky B falling over on her 6 inch heels with a toddler in tow?\""
"2953" "\"Please don’t get me wrong. I understand that cancer is hard and that it is a struggle to deal with all of the consequences and treatment is often harder than the disease and believe me, NO ONE wants to be well more than I do. But that is a whole lot of pressure to put on me. I will not quit. I will not stop. I will not give up. But with all the other stuff that I am going to have to do, don’t ask me to fight, too. You fight. You fight for me. You get down on our knees when I don’t have the strength. You pick up my babies when I can’t climb the stairs to tuck them in at night. You feed my family when I am too broken or too sick or too tired to do it. You fight for me.\""
"2954" "\"Jon Richard Grabowski, 33, New York, N.Y.\""
"2955" "\"Love from our friends and family. When Maura Moritz brought me the incredibly generous gifts and cards from Arapahoe staff members, I actually burst into tears. I couldn't believe how kind people were. Thank you, thank you, thank you. We also have friends and family who are kind enough to drive out here almost every other day, bringing us healthy food, checking on us all the time, buying us butt paste (for Sam, not for us), paying for hotel rooms, and trekking out here just to go for a run with us. The nurses keep commenting on how popular Sam is, and each time, I think about how lucky we are.\""
"2956" "\"A torrential river gushing\""
"2957" "\"Curiosity getting the better of me, I said , ‘Yes you are correct . But how on earth did you know that?’\""
"2958" "\"Instead of hanging up Mikayla's \\"Baby's First Christmas\\" ornament, I have ornaments of angels and butterflies that are in memory of her. These ornaments mean more to me than any ornament I have ever hung on a Christmas tree, but I wish they didn't have to exist.\""
"2959" "\"“In a secular and non discriminatory society gay couples should be as free to marry as any other human couple. If people wish to be married within a religious or spiritual institution’s framework then they should accept the rites and rules of that institution. However it is the state that legitimises all marriages.”\""
"2960" "\"Unocal – which led a consortium of companies from Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Turkmenistan, Japan and South Korea – has maintained the project is both economically and technically feasible once Afghan stability was secured.\""
"2961" "\"I think this is a major problem and we’re making Queensland a kind of paradigm case of that. Once we’ve investigated Queensland fully, I think we’ll have a lot more to say about it.\""
"2962" "\"(your very basic summer house attire, leather shorts and shit and yes, every once in a while i actually do brush my hair)\""
"2963" "\"When you are ready to come back, start paring it down: underlying all of this is one central mis-Belief. Oftentimes it is the belief that we are not worthy, that there is something inherently dissonant in us…when the Truth is that we are the stuff Stars are made of. Complete, whole, perfect, loved…accepted, good enough, strong enough. Messy enough, Awake enough, Asleep enough…it’s all enough. You are enough.\""
"2964" "\"“Very hard to explain why you were mad, even if you were not mad”\""
"2965" "\"¼ teaspoon salt\""
"2966" "\"2~4 = 1 Coin\""
"2967" "\"There were times where I was frustrated to tears--and a bloody nose-- giving up and threading my way to freedom with my hands outstretched to prevent further injury. Since those days, I have seen halls of mirrors in traveling carnivals, but none were as large and complicated as P.O.P.'s. None had the distracting, dizzying lights that lent a sense of spaciousness and multiplied like a field of supernovas against the glass. Once inside, you banged endlessly against your likenesses, trapped in a world of a thousand yous!\""
"2968" "\"The M.T.A. is having math problems, you know the kind where things don't add up. If they have their way, thousands of school kids will be in the same position.\""
"2969" "\"Gingersnap Creations.\""
"2970" "\"We girded ourselves for another 10 minutes of listening to Alex cry, but then his sobs started losing steam. Then they stopped altogether. After a minute or two, Kate peeked into his room. He was sound asleep. He woke up a couple of times during the night, but even without being rocked, neither wake-up was drawn out more than 10 minutes. This was bliss.\""
"2971" "\"The record number of rockets to launch includes more than 50 8-foot vehicles attempting to send a one-pound payload over one mile high. A dozen second-generation projects will launch rockets designed to break the sound barrier and reach heights up to 12,000 feet.\""
"2972" "\"Besides that my plants are finally starting to\""
"2973" "\"I love Keep America Beautiful Inc. They have a variety of programs like The Great American Cleanup, America Recycles Day, the Recycle Bowl and Clean Sweep USA that not only make our communities cleaner and more beautiful, but also create a ripple effect of awareness, appreciation and concern for our environment.\""
"2974" "\"By now, Iron & Wine's Sam Beam has definitively left behind the intimate, guy-and-a-guitar acoustic folk that once defined his style. The process begun on 2007's The Shepherd's Dog has been completed on Kiss Each Other Clean, as Beam further refines and experiments with his newly fleshed-out, ambitious full-band arrangements and poppier flourishes. Opener \\"Walking Far From Home\\" ushers the album in on a bed of low, gurgling feedback with Beam's processed voice crooning mostly on its own at first, before being joined by ooh-ing background singers and increasingly dense accompaniment of keyboards and guitars. On \\"Monkeys Uptown,\\" Beam channels Paul Simon, with rubbery bass, distorted guitar twangs and percolating rhythms. The richness and warmth of the production emphasizes all the fine detailing of the arrangement. Beam seems to be reveling in defying expectations, building songs that twist and turn in unexpected ways without ever losing their accessibility and instant pop appeal. The highlights are numerous, but the standout tracks are the sing-songy, ambiguously sinister \\"Rabbit Will Run\\" and the exuberant 7-minute closer \\"Your Fake Name Is Good Enough For Me,\\" which blends Afrobeat horns with a stuttery rhythmic guitar for a joyful, epic sound. Beam's experimentation doesn't always pay off, as missteps like the awkward \\"Big Burned Hand\\" prove, but it's rare that he falters. A couple of lesser cuts aside, this is an album of sophisticated, compelling pop-folk. [buy]\""
"2975" "\"I signed up to make desserts, and wanted to bring something that would coordinate....onesie cookies.\""
"2976" "\"After your turkey carcass has cooled enough for you to handle it (I place mine by an open window) you can remove the bone. This is where you gotta get tough like your grandma was. Just use your clean hands and start pulling. The bones should be pretty easy to pull out, and the meat should have fallen off. Any meat left on, simply pull it off. Toss the big pieces of skin. When I first did this, I would be really finicky about trying to get rid of every single teeny, tiny piece of bone & fat. It was pretty time consuming. But the more I do this, the more I leave for the stock. It's going to be SOUP! If someone finds a teeny little bone, it won't kill them, and I'm sure they're capable of removing it from their mouth without causing a scene.\""
"2977" "\"\\"This is not long-term storage. I don't want to miscommunicate. This is a temporary container. This is designed for when you get home, to enjoy your beer safely,\\" he says.\""
"2978" "\"that we have been filling over the past few weeks and praise God for the so many blessings He has given us.\""
"2979" "\"I used to love stories my parents told me when I was a kid.\""
"2980" "\"Most likely though, I am inadvertantly combining / confusing / mangling the canter depart cue. One solution will be getting Val out to the beach and letting him rip - straight line cantering. Firm footing, no need to balance in tight turns, plenty of room. Possibly this weekend if weather permits and my riding partner can join me.\""
"2981" "\"Household Members:\""
"2982" "\"Warden and Allen have developed an iPhone Tracker app that maps the location data stored in the iDevice. You can watch a video (below) to see a visualization of an iPhone owner’s trip from Washington D.C. to New York City and back.\""
"2983" "\"There would be a lot more tatting to show, but I got bitten by the knitting bug sometime in May. I'm not a very skillful knitter ( really only do basic stuff ), but if I'm ever going to get better I need to practice. However, I already have a lot of knitted children's stuff from generous others, so what to do? Saw an ad for a seasonal charity that gives donated knitted items to charity, so that's what I've been doing. I'm getting lots of tension practice making scarves and beanies, which don't look too bad, and will at least keep someone warm. 3 scarves, 1.5 beanies done so far. ( I should say 0.5 beanies, as DS#1 took a liking to and appropriated the first beanie. So can't have been too bad.)\""
"2984" "\"So let's begin.............\""
"2985" "\"ferns\""
"2986" "\"Here's a little card for a special couple who are celebrating their 70th Wedding Anniversary today, now that deserves a serious WOW!\""
"2987" "\"3 resumed\""
"2988" "\"I don’t want no crying, only tears of joy\""
"2989" "\"Bican recalls, ‘In those days I got 150 schillings. That was a lot of money. A worker, a good worker, got 20/25 schillings a week. Rapid wanted to keep me so much that they started paying me 600 schillings. I was around 20 then.’\""
"2990" "\"It reminds me of the song, “She Believes in Me” by Kenny Rogers, which tells the story of a man who had great dreams and never accomplished any of them. But the focus of the song is not on his failure, but on the faith and support of his loving wife:\""
"2991" "\"The Idiot's Lantern\""
"2992" "\"Here's my melons' temporary abode. Kept safe and dry from tea, a constant clear and present danger in the sewing room. The pets I don't need to worry about, they know better than to even look in the direction of quilt fabric!\""
"2993" "\"8. Child In Time 9:54\""
"2994" "\"We go to a nearby camp site next to a reservoir where we're kept awake by coyotes howling all night then, the next day, drive another 20 miles down a dirt road to a trail head where we hike into the mountains and camp for a few days (a whole other story). On the way home we stop in Pendleton, a more yuppie cowboy town, where women wear tight jeans and high heeled cowboy boots and the most popular place in town is the rockin' steakhouse with a mediocre cover band playing outdoors. This is the kind of place I could imagine staying in a B&B to experience truck driving, cowboy hat-wearing hunting culture with a gentrified buffer - kind of like folks in a resort and a tour bus might see Istanbul or Beijing. It's cool but I like Union's gas station better.\""
"2995" "\"Meal plan for the entire week and write up a grocery list while texting the babysitter to schedule date night and make dinner reservations on-line\""
"2996" "\"Oh, I meant to add, I'm sticking with Midwifery at uni. I've exhausted all the other options and none of them are for me. So while I have some reservations about it still, it is the right path for me in the end.\""
"2997" "\"It's telling that the most popular Scorsese films remain, after all these years, \\"Mean Streets,\\" \\"Raging Bull\\" and \\"Goodfellas\\" -- the Italian-American trifecta, with \\"Taxi Driver\\" more respected than loved. That's because mooky violence is an easier sell than, say, Edith Wharton or the temptations of Christ. And, armed with the information that Scorsese was an asthmatic child in a neighborhood full of belligerent Italian-American males, it's easy to correlate his greatest successes with \\"personal filmmaking.\\"\""
"2998" "\"PIPE over cooled cupcakes\""
"2999" "\"So, have I become bitchy? Yea, probably. Am I ALWAYS bitchy? No way. But believe it or not, I do have quite a bit on my mind and try as I may, sometimes I become bitchy. Deal with it.\""
"3000" "\"2007: “Read It Again”, Cambridgeshire Picture Book Award (shortlisted)\""
"3001" "\"I don't care. Shoot him again.\""
"3002" "\"“I’m glad the MCCBCHST has decided to tell the prime minister that the image he wants to foster as an exponent of moderation is under threat from his apparent passivity in the face of those who plainly mean ill,” he asserted.\""
"3003" "\"- Roy looks so much better without the Santa beard!\""
"3004" "\"I have grown tremendously in the last 6 months, as a person, as a mom, as a friend and so how has. But in the long run, we know this is best and we are both sincerely fine with our decision.\""
"3005" "\"Come see me at KatieSchwartz.com - I'm publishing my humor essays, a few rants and other annoying things. Oh, and some updates - Good stuff? You decide.\""
"3006" "\"'Let's Get Crafty' $45\""
"3007" "\"Rarely reviews, because I don’t read the papers enough. But recommendations will point me to a book which I will then browse through.\""
"3008" "\"Large bookstores seem to be closing their physical stores left and right however smaller scale bookstores are maintaining. Obviously the large corporations should be taking notes on how to be successful and having a long lasting career.\""
"3009" "\"I always thought about leaving, when Russian River gets poured on that Wednesday.\""
"3010" "\"A politician can’t say anything unless a thousand people have said it.\""
"3011" "\"I DID get a cake yesterday, but Mom said since it was chocolate I couldn't have any.\""
"3012" "\"If your company is facing the prospect of having to make redundancies, ensure that you follow the correct procedures with the help of these professionally written template redundancy documents.\""
"3013" "\"29. The country has an area of 30,414 square miles (78,772 km²)\""
"3014" "\"Cut 6 pieces.\""
"3015" "\"I’m interested in my own feelings about CCTV as well, even surprised by them. Until recently I didn’t know I cared about cameras in sacred spaces at all. Yet I keep returning to religious angles that I’ve never pursued in the past. I wonder who would want surveillance cameras above the pews glaring down at the worshippers? What could be so alarming to a room full of gun-owning, God-fearing middle-aged white people in a small town run by other white people? In other words, who really needs sacred security, and what is so damn frightening that you’d replace the free-flowing calm and compassionate welcome of the idealized church with an ominous sense of lock-down? Apparently, it is not enough that some deacons areliterally carrying guns to Sunday services or that some pastors are literally clasping specially-designed bulletproof Bible holders at the altars. Something else is needed to assuage the fear.\""
"3016" "\"Dances with Wolves (John Barry)\""
"3017" "\"Check back next month for Volume 8\""
"3018" "\"I’m not a child of chance; predestination is at work in me. I have a glorious destiny in God and I’m being guided by the Spirit of God every day, to take the right and necessary steps in the direction of God’s perfect will for my life. Nothing can stop me from fulfilling my destiny in God Amen!\""
"3019" "\"Proficient in English and Bahasa\""
"3020" "\"Anything else?: If you’re from London travelling to a midweek game then beware – the last train to the metropolis leaves Leicester before 10.00pm, so you’ll likely have to leave the game before the end.\""
"3021" "\"Meaning: This color is a symbol for childhood cancer.\""
"3022" "\"uh oh, gotta go, Dave's kicking me off the computer already...\""
"3023" "\"Somewhere in there I probably should start packing.\""
"3024" "\"The whole book was kind of one big epic battle for Avalon. Seriously it was pretty much action from the first page to the last. This was fine and it kept the plot moving at a good clip. The problem with it was that in Laurel's own words...she's not really a fighter. As a result Laurel spends a lot of time hanging back and watching David and Tam kill stuff. This story ends up being less about Laurel and more about everyone else who is actively fighting in the battle to save Avalon.\""
"3025" "\"2 cups potatoes, shredded\""
"3026" "\"Norman R. Augustine\""
"3027" "\"Angel and I left Friday evening by bus. It was a quick trip: only about five and a half hours. Of course this time was spent with us laughing and messing around like usual, but the ride didn’t get good until we ripped the caps off our Don Simon’s Tinto de Verano bottles.\""
"3028" "\"We feasted on;\""
"3029" "\"Well I see grace (I see grace)\""
"3030" "\"Cliffhanger. Split the original chapter 2 up into 2 chapters instead- chapters two and three- to make it more sane. Finals week is NEXT week, but it’s nowhere near as hectic as this one, sooooooo…. I can get a regular schedule by next week instead????\""
"3031" "\"When the Western media lashed out at the Al Khalifa monarchy, projecting only a fraction of the protesting citizens, the silent lot that supported the educational reforms and business-friendly image, was ignored. This was the thought shared by International Automobile Federation President Jean Todt recently: “Do we have to penalise 80 or 90 percent of the population because 10 percent are against? My answer is no.”\""
"3032" "\"My daughter has been working on a little project. We have been seeing these card table houses on Pinterest and blogs. They are so adorable! Well, my daughter asked if she could make one. Of course, I said she could. I love to see her sew!\""
"3033" "\"Hi everyone. Sorry for the delayed post today, but I forgot that I was going to post today since I had shared the Your Memories Here dt announcement on Wednesday.\""
"3034" "\"Atheist: Yeah sure go ahead. I hope it is funny.\""
"3035" "\"This a great time for member-owners to connect with one another and for future member-owners to join the Co-op. As an added incentive, we’ve been running a membership drive based on referrals from current member-owners. If you refer three (3) new people to join the Co-op, you’ll receive a free Black Star Co-op t-shirt or hat! Many of you are almost there, so bring a non-member friend and sign them up! Oh, and make sure they list your name on the referral line of the membership application.\""
"3036" "\"Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory\""
"3037" "\"4. The Pixar success story was another good Jobs pick of some very talented people who eventually found they could integrate their technology skills with an appeal – without sentiment or kitsch – to our shared humanity. Jobs invested in them when the animation was just a hobby – at the time they were trying to sell image rendering software. Note that, a bit like Xerox, the competing Disney corporate culture under CEO Michael Eisner had been so inimical to creativity (‘rapacious, soul-less’ – Roy E. Disney) that they had had no major box office successes for 10 years. 2006 saw a de facto reverse creative takeover by Pixar of Disney, with Pixar personnel now holding the key creative positions and (incidentally) Jobs becoming the single largest Disney shareholder (7 per cent of a current $37 billion valuation). The longest index subentries (under the main entry for Jobs) in Isaacson’s book are for ‘controlling personality of’ and ‘offensive behaviour of’, but with Pixar Jobs also clearly backed and continued to back, even under severe financial pressure, other people’s creative skills when conventional corporate wisdom would say bail out.\""
"3038" "\"So my Captain Chaos and Major Mayhem have been succesfully deployed to their grandparents leaving me in peace to get some tidying up done before Hubby gets home from work. Happy St Patrick's day if you're celebrating!\""
"3039" "\"Isn’t this true? Why should change happen if there is no reason for it? And what is the financial impact and the implications if change is essential and it does not happen?\""
"3040" "\"It doesn't help that today the kids had the day off of school. I had what I thought were very modest expectations for the day: take the van in to get the remote locks fixed, clear the junk pile off my computer desk and maybe make sandwiches for lunch. I somehow got sucked into several of loads of laundry, dealing with a temper tantrum and transferring CDs to my computer and several other things.\""
"3041" "\"How do you think we feel? We are livid. We feel more strongly about the ban with each passing hour. Do you think we like being reminded of that oppressive boot pressing down on our face every day when we go out? To us, every No Smoking sign displayed on the frontage of every business, every railway station, every taxi, and the entire grounds of a hospital is a symbol of oppression and hate, akin to the swastika. Businesses do not have a choice -- they have to put up those signs, which must be a certain size and colour according to the law, else they are fined and possibly put out of business for non-compliance. Business owners now cower in fear of the Nanny State, unable or unwilling to fight it. Does that sound like freedom to anyone? Does that sound like a country you want to live in? Every day this smoking ban goes on is a day we are not free to make our own choices.\""
"3042" "\"In many cases, the hit and run driver left the scene because:\""
"3043" "\"The second is that government cannot leave well enough alone.\""
"3044" "\"The trick would be keeping the crazies away, right? We wouldn't want \\"other activities\\" occurring in this peaceful place. Maybe you have to show the bags under your eyes to qualify? Undergo a background check in order to qualify for membership?\""
"3045" "\"THE PRESIDENT: With respect to Social Security, Social Security is not the source of our deficit problems. Social Security, if it is part of a package, would be an issue of how do we make sure Social Security extends its life and is strengthened? So the reason to do Social Security is to strengthen Social Security to make sure that those benefits are there for seniors in the out-years. And the reason to include that potentially in this package is if you’re going to take a bunch of tough votes, you might as well do it now, as opposed to trying to muster up the political will to get something done further down in the future.\""
"3046" "\"If I had two ovens, this would be a moot point. One oven becomes the turkey oven, and all the other fixings can share space in the multi-purpose oven. Brilliant.\""
"3047" "\"10. Knit For Mary F.\""
"3048" "\"She took my arm and we walked slowly toward the curb.\""
"3049" "\"Bobbi\""
"3050" "\"This gets back to a question I continue to raise about oversigning: is it bad for the players, or bad for competitive balance? (In this context, Infante asks, “Do we want to avoid expanded free agency and player movement in college sports if there isn’t an academic casualty as well?”) If this turned out to be a development that is good for student-athletes, but objectionable for coaches, how long do you think it would be allowed to stand?\""
"3051" "\"103 - 5.2 million, 2.9/5\""
"3052" "\"Let me know your thoughts.\""
"3053" "\"And there is fantasy … but it is perfect.\""
"3054" "\"Many aspects from these entries remain open, like for example the smoothness of transcriptions of Old Nubian in the existing fonts, the integration of such texts in a web environment like the present one, the completeness of the existing lists of online textual resources, the content analysis of these etc.\""
"3055" "\"We invite you to join us in Sandy, UT. (South Towne Expo Center located at 9575 South State St. -booth number 110) for the 2010 Utah Green Industry Conference and Trade Show, Jan 25 – 27th.\""
"3056" "\"Getting someone to open an email, become interested in a new product and ultimately buy is not an easy feat. In this article, we’ll go over a few tips for writing emails leading up to a launch, including tips for writing emails to other people’s (JV partners’ and affiliates’) lists.\""
"3057" "\"“It agreed that given the serious nature of the breaches an on-air apology to the audience was appropriate,” read the statement.\""
"3058" "\"So there are far more census stories to tell, of the whereabouts of Ley brothers both store-owning and working as common laborers; of Grandma Foutz’s second husband, apprenticing, pre-World-War-II, in the store that would come to employ both Grandma and my dad; of Fisher great-grand-uncles and soon-to-be-inlaws Wayne Waddington (to Doris Foutz) and Ernie Knisely (to Virginia Johnson).\""
"3059" "\"We drove to Ford Island and visited the Pacific Air Museum. Next to the large hanger is the still-standing air traffic control tower that survived the bombing of Pearl Harbor. Scaffolding is all around the tower with workers restoring this historical building. Admission was $12 with a military discount. Two hangers contained aircraft such as the P40, Japanese Zero, B25, SBD, F4F, and N3N (yes, I had Tony give me the info, as I recognized just a few of them). There’s a small cafeteria where we had lunch. I had the mahi mahi sand which and decided this fish is not one of my favorites. Should have gotten a cheeseburger like Tony did. When we first arrived to the place we could smell something delicious. Well, it wasn’t this place but at a building across the street. We didn’t discover this until we were leaving. So, for those of you out there, go across the street to eat!\""
"3060" "\"Last week, on the day when the Vatican released the results of its investigation of the Leadership Conference of Women Religious, which represents 80 percent of women’s religious orders in this country, I received emails from several Catholic sisters. All described themselves as saddened, stunned or demoralized by the Vatican document, which severely criticized the LWCR in a number of areas. Catholic sisters are my heroes. They have been my teachers, spiritual directors, mentors, bosses and friends. I can barely begin to describe the admiration I have for these women, many of them now in their 70s and 80s, and for what that they have done for God, for the church, for what Catholics call the “people of God,” and for me.\""
"3061" "\"This past weekend, the Cub Scouts of Pack 121 joined other units from the Hoosier Trails Council in the 2012 Scout-O-Rama, held at the Monroe County Fairgrounds. Our boys demonstrated the Rain Gutter Regatta to guests and other Scouter’s, and also handed out Blue ribbons to anyone who participated in the races. The boys also got to participate in other activities hosted by other Cub Scout Packs and Boy Scout Troops. Despite the tornado watch and severe thunderstorm warnings, everyone had a safe and fun weekend!\""
"3062" "\"Of course, if you take the tobacco company approach to the alcohol industry, of running a cash cow in a slowly declining market, minimum pricing makes a lot of sense, as it protects your margins and eliminates most price competition. But it is not in the interest of consumers.\""
"3063" "\"I am all packed and ready to go! I've signed the contract with Moody and it looks like the first Pearl Girls™ book will be released in 2010. God is good! I look forward to sharing the good news with everyone at the Tea, seeing old friends, and meeting new ones.\""
"3064" "\"McIntosh, Peggy. (1988). White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Backpack.Retrieved January 23, 2012 from Seattle Pacific University Blackboard.\""
"3065" "\"Listen to it soundly\""
"3066" "\"I flicked to a story about two jazz musicians exploring a foot fetish for the first time, and while I read his fingers started very gently stroking the hollows between my thighs and my pussy, sending delightful shivers of pleasure through me – a perfect start, the sensation not directly sexual but allowing my senses time to unfurl and begin to awaken. Slowly, taking his pace from the way my body shifted and relaxed, he began to probe my increasingly wet pussy lips with his fingers, then pushed gradually deeper and deeper inside me as I tried to keep my voice smooth and steady. By the time I had finished reading, my body was yearning for more, and I could feel the deep excitement of the endless possibilities before me.\""
"3067" "\"most appalling wrong, why it’ll be concentration camps next, watch towers and long trains pulling wagons loaded with a human cargo, why to even think racially is an evil, didn’t you know we’re all the same, all of us, all equal none better and none worse, merely equal, merely here and nothing else.\""
"3068" "\"Nonstick vegetable oil spray\""
"3069" "\"Being contented and grateful for what you have is an important aspect of positive thinking. Thinking about what you don't have will only make you worry and lead you to be more dissatisfied with life. Focus on the positive in life. When you are contented, you are also motivated to achieve your dream.\""
"3070" "\"Yesterday's meeting of the Development and Organisation Committee of the UNISON NEC considered a thoughtful report from our Deputy General Secretary (http://www.unison.org.uk/about/board_view.asp?did=2239).\""
"3071" "\"Aravinda and Chinthaka were later detained and their equipment including mobile phones were also taken away by the CCD.\""
"3072" "\"Broken now healed\""
"3073" "\"Knead by hand for 10 minutes on floured board. Add in the chocolate chips, mix well.\""
"3074" "\"The report also details the staff ranks of some of the dozen agents involved with the women in Cartagena, Colombia.\""
"3075" "\"Security forces and protesters clashed in Bahrain’s capital Manama and several other areas Tuesday, after people responded to a call from opposition groups for nationwide protests to mark International Workers’ Day.\""
"3076" "\"died or where she is buried. She remains the most fascinating person I have ever written about.\""
"3077" "\"Those of us in denominations that ordain women might like to think that we, at least, are beyond this, but perceptions, attitudes, and most extensively language, persist that unfortunately continue to reinforce these kinds of ideas.\""
"3078" "\"Today may bring feelings of boldness and the desire to be outgoing. Your confidence allows you to express yourself more publicly than usual. Remember that being extroverted does not mean being overbearing, but being comfortable in your own skin wherever you are, and fearlessly shining your light for all to see. It doesnt mean we forget to be kind to others either, but perhaps we share our kindness rather than holding back. This energy can mean you smile at more strangers or even chat with them, or perhaps you might share a perceived weakness with a coworker without fear of it reflecting negatively upon you. It could mean you share that much-loved inspiration with someone who you feared might laugh at it or reject it, but now you can let it be heard without that fear.\""
"3079" "\"Possible: “Man or Muppet” and “Life’s a Happy Song” – Bret McKenzie and “Pictures in My Head” – Jeannie Lurie, Aris Archontis, and Chen Neeman (Original Song); Long Shot: Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller (Adapted Screenplay)\""
"3080" "\"1. Give the \\"I Heart Your Blog \\"Award to your favorite Top 10 Blogs that have touched your heart and inspired your teaching by listing them on your blog.\""
"3081" "\"It's a good strategy: instead of bemoaning the fact that imports cut into the market for craft beers, Full Sail created a beer -- and a brand -- for the import lager drinkers. The label bears only the small initials FS with a tiny 47 underneath -- the number of employees in this employee-owned brewery.\""
"3082" "\"I knew there was a good probability of getting bit if I put my fingers in Skully's mouth, Not intentionally, but bit is bit nevertheless.\""
"3083" "\"I feel like the course was an incredible value for the kind of information imparted and how well it was presented, but especially for the personal attention the online format afforded.\""
"3084" "\"Cali, Colombia\""
"3085" "\"At the beginning of the Seventies, Marvin Gaye wrote one of the most beautiful songs ever, about the demise of nature, the ecology. The song starts with the legendary words:\""
"3086" "\"This is the reason why i read alot of Paranormal and Teen Novels!\""
"3087" "\"There’s a lot to love here despite its flaws, and the band stands to have a break out year – that is, if audiences can keep a patient ear. True song craft and musicianship is at work within Hundred Waters, and that warrants some serious attention.\\" - COS\""
"3088" "\"Mom finally comes home. She’s tired and goes straight to bed, taking it with her. I watch them sleep and wonder what the big deal is anyway. It doesn’t even look like a girl, with a thick patch of black hair on its fat head and as far as I can tell, no neck. It wakes up and starts screaming. I might have poked it by accident.\""
"3089" "\"Memories: all in the mind. The summer months since we returned from Ireland have been so busy that my promised 'Irish Journal' has been on the back-burner, until meeting again some of the people from the Caravan Writers' Guild with whom we shared that marvellous journey prompted me to continue. In essence, I was back with our motor home, boarding the Stena Line ferry (so quick and easy, so smooth a crossing, free WiFi; and so simple the disembarkation when we arrived in Dublin port). Approaching the Irish coast, I am looking again for THAT GREEN - a green peculiar to Ireland that I remembered from previous holidays - but it's evening and instead I am captivated by the misty blues, greys and purples of the Wicklow Mountains, silhoutted against the pearl of an early evening sky.\""
"3090" "\"like trains on quality speed.\""
"3091" "\"Now in Albuquerque, Marshall gets Douglas a job at a dress shop. “I’m a modern day Cinder-fella.” Hah! But not soon after he starts, Douglas is arrested for assault. Lucky for all, Douglas’ one call was to his “brother” Marshall and Abigail is able to get him off with just a warning.\""
"3092" "\"Before I could read or write, as a small child I had a little easel in my father's studio. I'd paint away quietly in a corner or look at his old books. He never taught me directly - but I learnt concentration and I often watched him paint. It must have helped me gain a facility at drawing.\""
"3093" "\"On Thursday, we enjoyed a fine day at the park. Mama N suggested a picnic so off we went with our picnic blankets and a football. Our local park is perfect for picnics as it has a huge grassy area where we can just sit and relax and the kids can run about playing football or picking daisies.\""
"3094" "\"and loves and accepts you through it all.\""
"3095" "\"Le Journal de Madame Giovanni (The Journal of Madame Giovanni, 1856)\""
"3096" "\"The Past\""
"3097" "\"What will the new year bring us? Last year was pretty busy. In no particular order, I\""
"3098" "\"I need not even preach the sermon except to say: Considering how much mercy God has shown you, how much he has demonstrated to you, how much are you willing to show others, your enemies, your friends, your children, your neighbors? But God demonstrates his mercy in this: While we were yet sinners Christ died for our sins. Do you wait for others to repent before you forgive or is your forgiveness proactive and preemptive?\""
"3099" "\"Today is Good Shepherd Sunday… We hear Psalm 23 and the section from John 10 that Jesus describes Himself as the Good Shepherd…\""
"3100" "\"the free-lance bounty hunter who'd drop the felon!)\""
"3101" "\"Moon stepped forwards and arched his back.\""
"3102" "\"have I cried\""
"3103" "\"03-The Slickers-Nana\""
"3104" "\"I spoke to renowned race car designer and suspension expert Andy Thorby about the use of just such a system, “I think most or all the teams are using linked hydraulic actuators on the corners.” adding “they allow you to tune the attitude change of the car under aero load, independently of corner spring rates” by altering both heave and roll stiffness.\""
"3105" "\"Have you ever heard tree branches swish your windows at night…..\""
"3106" "\"Come down and join to be part of our troupe in The Manchester Day Parade on June 10th.\""
"3107" "\"Time: 01:00 to 02:00\""
"3108" "\"► I saved all my planters from last year to reuse. I know this sounds like a \\"duh\\" moment but generally, I've thrown them out. I'm not talking about the heavy duty, expensive ones but the cheap, white plastic hangers. Last year I decided to save them because as I was thinking about it, I realized how much cheaper it would be to just purchase some seeds or small plants and sow them directly into the planters. I also wish I had kept the little 4-pack boxes that you get when you purchase vegetables or flowers because I could really use those right about now.\""
"3109" "\"ARC:\""
"3110" "\"I figure that with the amount of veggies I eat and the the amount of stress I have going on, Ideserveadamncookieeverynowandthendamnitall!!!\""
"3111" "\"NB: Do not place feet in your fishtank at home. The fish are actually a particular species, doctor fish, who do like the skin of human feet, your fish will probably just cower in the corner or have a heart attack. Not advised.\""
"3112" "\"A babies first birthday party has quite a lot of meaning for everyone involved. For the parents, it’s a huge relief that they survived the first year. For the child, they really don’t understand what’s going on except they got to get really messy and eat something that tastes really sweet and nummy. For the grandparents, their life has come full circle with a grandchild(ren) and watching them grow is just pure joy and bliss!\""
"3113" "\"“So Long You Pretty Thing” is a prime example of this. The song starts slow, sounding like the type of hymn a congregation would sing on Good Friday, or at a wake. Pierce sings out to God and Jesus, looking for succor and answers to the deepest of existential questions, “hoping for a reason to be here,” and “hoping for the reason to be clear.” But the song shifts at the 4:15 mark, where a chorus that combines both redemption and blessing rings out backed by horns, strings, and a choir. Nothing is ultimately answered, and it’s not even clear if Pierce is discouraged, but rather just hoping to offer a spark to light the way, as he fades into silence singing “sail on, so long.”\""
"3114" "\"I guess the storefront censors were running out of people to ban and needed a new interpretation of the rules to include more trivial shit. I’ve been painting in Forza for almost 5 years now and this is the first time I’ve heard of business phone numbers being a bad thing. There’s a big difference between putting 1-800-GO-FedEx on a FedEx cargo van and adding “call Molly 854-4533 for a good time” to a random car. First should be acceptable, second clearly not.\""
"3115" "\"Sean\""
"3116" "\"By twenty one, my husband and I welcomed our first child. Motherhood is by far the most rewarding and the most difficult thing that I have ever experienced.\""
"3117" "\"I seemed to have brought the Texas heat!\""
"3118" "\"The band proper would have only one more Top 40 hit in the ’70s — “Good Timin’,” which slipped in at No. 40 in the spring of 1979. And from there on out, the band would pretty much build its entire brand on nostalgia.\""
"3119" "\"And free baby magazines. And free baby coupons.\""
"3120" "\"My daughter’s favorite activity is to dress up like a princess. This outfit as Princess Jasmine in the movie “Aladdin” is one of her favorite outfits at her French play school/day-care in South Jakarta. She’s finishing this play school this year and I’m sad to realize that she’s not going back to this baby school after this summer. It is a wonderful place. I absolutely love it because of the teacher and nannies as well as the parents. The people who surround you make difference in your life, don’t they? It’s even more so in a life overseas.\""
"3121" "\"The shortlist will be announced Monday 6 August. We anticipate that 6 writers will be shortlisted.\""
"3122" "\"Maria Duval, world-famous clairvoyant and consultant of international celebrities, is advertising what even she admits is a “strange and truly amazing offer.” I get to choose not one but seven wishes from her extensive checklist of dreams for personal bliss. I simply enter my numbered selections on the accompanying “special form for fulfilling your wishes,” then sit back and wait for a large, discreet, white envelope to arrive in the mail. According to the ad, I probably won’t believe my eyes, but each of the wishes should come true.\""
"3123" "\"Melon (Cantaloupe, Honey Dew, Watermelon)\""
"3124" "\"For our last post, we decided to highlight the hydrangea. Hydrangeas have full, lush blooms with muted colors that play well into a vintage summer wedding with subtle seaside elements. Soft blues and greys would keep the color palette subdued, while white chandeliers would twinkle from the trees, overlooking tables decorated with candle-filled seashells and antique blue mason jars filled with hydrangeas. The bride would wear a dress with layers of closely packed ruffles paired with classic white heels and a crystal headband. A spread of various cheeses and crackers would make perfect appetizers, whetting the guests' appetite for a delicious seafood meal. A white cake with intricate details would top the meal off perfectly.\""
"3125" "\"Some of you may know \\"John\\" as the little boy who was trampled\""
"3126" "\"What eventually inspired me to stop procrastinating and start up the rickshaw again was attending a panel discussion in DC about Pakistan, led by none other than our dynamic Finance Minister Dr. Hafeez Sheikh and the new ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman. The title of the discussion was ‘Pakistan: The Untold Story’. Umair happened to accompany me to this particular event, and we both were bemused and frustrated by the level of discussion. The purpose of the event, a small gathering held at the World Bank, was to tell people that it is not all doom and gloom in Pakistan. I thought it was a brilliant idea, get the academic community in DC jazzed about Pakistan, and to get them to look beyond the negativity that surrounds the country. However, what ended up happening was that the Pakistanis on the panel began to paint a picture of sunshine and roses blooming back home - i.e. they took 'positive' to a whole different level.\""
"3127" "\"I was up at 6 am this morning, and made a gourmet breakfast of french toast, fruit, and bacon. Okay, maybe not gourmet, but it was not Eggos or cold cereal. I cleaned the kitchen, made the beds, responded to work emails, and did a load of laundry before the preschool run at 8:45am. And I still had energy. I still went to Starbucks and got a chai tea latte, but because I wanted to, not because if I didn't have the caffeine there was a good chance I would fall asleep during storytime at the library.\""
"3128" "\"No arrangement could be better designed to allow a total abuse of power by the man, who controls both the Government and the country’s richest natural resource. So, why doesn’t Musa Aman reform it?\""
"3129" "\"Family Vacation:\""
"3130" "\".bad girl\""
"3131" "\"“The city should know where street harassment is happening, why it is happening, and how it can respond,” said Hollaback! cofounder Emily May, 31, who heads ihollaback.org and its 52 sister sites in places like Boston and Brussels.\""
"3132" "\"Membranes in between the lobes of a succenturiate placenta can be torn during delivery resulting to massive blood loss. The small lobes can be retained in the uterus after delivery that could lead to severe maternal hemorrhage. This can be detected on inspection of the placenta at birth, where it appears torn at the edge. The remaining lobes must be removed from the uterus manually to prevent bleeding.\""
"3133" "\"Have a wonderful stampin' day!\""
"3134" "\"By stage three, Mario must face numerous fiery ghosts. They appear out of nowhere and serve Donkey Kong’s bidding, suggesting a possible voodoo magic at work. Worse still, Mario cannot usually jump over the ghosts, and must rely on the hammers to defeat them. Blessed with his holy might, Mario has no problem dispensing these evil spirits, marking the first time that the carpenter strikes out at his sentient enemies. Once again, Pauline’s parasol and purse appear; apparently Mario gave them back to her but DK threw them away again. Perhaps he sees them as symbols of wealth, something that a black man in America can never have. Also once again, DK is portrayed as a stupid beast, and simply stands around dancing as Mario removes the floor from beneath him, sending him crashing to his doom. Even at the end of the game, the cycle begins anew, with the three levels constantly repeating themselves with increased difficulty. Obviously, the black man is not capable of redemption and must continuously undergo punishment for him baser instincts. This portrayal of African Americans is stunningly racist. By the year 1981, you think America and Japan would have evolved beyond such archaic views and stereotypes.\""
"3135" "\"It is terribly sad that this week has ended with the callous murder of Police Constable Ronan Kerr. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. It reminds us all how some sections of Northern Ireland society, despite the obvious progress that has been made, still remains capable of the most inexpicable attitudes and most cruel crimes. Listening this evening to this young man's mother describe her pride in her son, and appeal to others not to be deterred from joining the police, was particularly moving.\""
"3136" "\"The film's title stems from a short poem by the British poet William Ernest Henley, first published in 1875, that Mandela often recited to himself while imprisoned on Robben Island. The key final lines are: \\"I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul.\\" Francois finds meaning here too as he seeks to lead his team to victory.\""
"3137" "\"I also devoted a post The Needle on the Broken Record – why UK Law Firms should go to US Legal Conferences to the broader subject of the reasons why law firms should be ready to face threats from other players.\""
"3138" "\"But all I can think is did these people think that low of that they thought I could'nt co-exist in the same breathing space as another?\""
"3139" "\"… in front of collective passion and resolve of mass people of the grassroots leaders home town, state forces has to retreat, a burning government office building keeps burning like a symbol of public disapproval of an oppressive government\""
"3140" "\"Make sure children are inside before dusk, and stay inside until after dawn.\""
"3141" "\"First thing I have to mention is that the download link above for this song is an M4A file, aka, an iTunes file. As far as the song itself, though, it is the first single that Lisa Marie Presley has released since 2005 and is preceding a brand new album, “Storm & Grace,” which is being released May 15, 2012, which I couldn’t possibly be more excited about! I was a massive fan of Lisa’s first 2 records and saw her in concert in 2005 and, honestly, never really anticipated her making another record. I am so glad she is and, if this song is any indication, I am thinking the new album is going to be AMAZING. It is definitely taking a very different direction than her previous records, which were more rock-oriented. This song, on the other hand, has a really gorgeous, bluesy style. It has a really nice groove to it but maintains all the sass and attitude from her previous records! I always loved that sort of defiance and rebellion in all of her music, and it is definitely still present in this track, even 7 years down the road!\""
"3142" "\"On Friday morning, I was once again awakened at the witching hour....3:30 am....with contractions. This time they were about 15 minutes apart. An hour later, they were still going strong and getting closer together....yay! Could this be the big moment? Nana was on the books to take the older kids, but it was so early in the morning, I didn't want to call her yet, just in case it was another round of fakey contractions. Around 5:15 am, the contractions were 10 minutes apart so I woke up the hubby just to warn him and went back downstairs to watch some DVRed CSI. He didn't seem too concerned and at first rolled over for a \\"snooze button\\" worth of extra sleep. A few minutes later I heard him get up and brush his teeth and begin getting ready. Within the next few minutes, the contractions went from 10 minutes apart to four minutes. Uh oh, the lightening fast labor I was yearning for was kicking into high gear. After getting his morning breath worthy enough to go public, Johnny called down to me to see how things were going. I told him they were four minutes apart and it was \\"go time.\\"\""
"3143" "\"Street Revenge\""
"3144" "\"Now I really don't care if you call yourself young at heart because your bust line is now where your waist used to be-----I don't care if you call yourself buxom because you talking bathroom scales yell for one at a time---\""
"3145" "\"House Districts:\""
"3146" "\"Unfortunately, I may not have been looking at the correct video because after the file of specific images were reduced to 3.8MB or even 1.5MB, loading was still an error.\""
"3147" "\"For those not in the know, Neverwinter Nights is a video game that came out a while back that uses the D&D 3.0 rules to run everything. It is actually explicitly 3.0, not 3.5, so certain things might seem a little odd if 3.5 was your 3E of choice. I'm not a huge computer game person, but I do like the occasional FPS or RPG-style computer game (Deus Ex is one of my favorite CRPGs of all time). When I do play a game like this, I am one of those people who gets really \\"crunchy\\" with my character - what weapon do I take, tweaking stats, skills, etc.. I'm not a WoW or other MMO type player, so don't get that far into it, but I do like the ability to \\"fiddle\\" with my character like that.\""
"3148" "\"“Hello?”\""
"3149" "\"Below is the recipes for the simple syrup and the Apple bitters... Cheers and Happy Mixing. Be on the lookout for this recipe on Koloa Rum's website soon...\""
"3150" "\"The other side character that I loved was the Doctor. I thought his placement in the plot was a good one. I wasn’t sure in the beginning what direction his character would take. But in the end I thought it was very smart, what Ms. Meyer did. Very interesting indeed. But I’ll let you read it yourself and figure it out.\""
"3151" "\"Visit Winterhaven\""
"3152" "\"Stieglbrauerei zu Salzburg GmbH Stiegl Pils\""
"3153" "\"On May 2, 2004, the Mexican government ordered Cuba’s Ambassador, Jorge Bolaños Suarez, to leave Mexico within 48 hours. Mexico also declared Embassy political adviser Orlando Silva Fors Persona Non Grate (PNG) and forbid future visits by Cuban officials Jose Antonio Arbesu & Pedro Miguel Lobaina-Jimenez de Castro. Mexico stated its actions responded to acts by Arbesu, Lobaina, and Fors which were “unacceptable activities (in Mexico…) outside of the institutional context and procedures established in existing agreements and treaties between the two countries.” According to Le Monde, Lobaina headed the Mexico Section of the “Americas Area,” the intelligence wing of the Cuban Communist Party. Arbesu headed the Americas Area.\""
"3154" "\"Thanks to my hearty peasant blood, I never suffer from allergies. But this season, after an incredibly mild winter followed by an incredibly hot spring, my aristocratic sensitive blood has taken over.\""
"3155" "\"9. More often than not, can you guess the end of the book within the first five chapters of the book?\""
"3156" "\"Regardless, the four of us were sipping great wine, and the Aussie and I were celebrating the fact that we still had a week together.\""
"3157" "\"In movies, literature and popular culture, eugenics is an easily identifiable symbol of an evil and discredited ideology, and in so far as history is concerned, any hint of a flirtation with that ideology, whether true or not, is guaranteed to destroy the reputation of any historical figure.\""
"3158" "\"Ever heard the expression,\\"jack of all trades, master of none?\\" its seems like a good idea to be a \\"jack\\" initially, I admit. After all, if you know a little bit about a variety of subjects, then you will be versatile enough to do whatever a client calls for! What's wrong with that?? Well, while you WILL get a couple of assignments, you may not feel entirely comfortable doing that particular thing. For instance, I can DO background drawing, but it's a labor intensive activity for me, as opposed to cartooning and caricature which I can do in my sleep. When a client hires you to do a job, they're not expecting a generalist, they're expecting a master, who not only knows their subject inside out, but can even re invent and re adjust on the fly. When you are teaching, you don't want there to be any guesswork. You also want to have fun! Strive to teach on the subject that you KNOW. Doing so will help you develop your own niche, and it's this Niche which will focus you and make you stand out from the pack.\""
"3159" "\"There I'll put my trumpet down now.\""
"3160" "\"=$3.98 (plus fill cost) oop +tax\""
"3161" "\"“For receiving the mercy of Kṛṣṇa, I surrender unto His energy (Rādhā), and for receiving the mercy of His energy, I surrender unto Kṛṣṇa.” Also in the Ṛg Veda (1.22.20):\""
"3162" "\"The Christian life is lived in the context of mystical union with Christ. This union finds its initial origin in eternity. Our salvation is from the foundation of the world, resting in the grace of God’s sovereign election. Paul indicates this in Ephesians 1:3-6.\""
"3163" "\"The only thing I should be drinking is an ice cold beer\""
"3164" "\"What you'll need for this project: A paper-cutter, increditape--3/4 width, vintage papers.\""
"3165" "\"Zach and I are taking a little bit to get into a routine ourselves. The house is very quiet and Zach is finding it hard to not have Cooper here to play with him all day. The days do seem to go quicker though.\""
"3166" "\"And shut the doors on a one-time great little publisher that is now the biggest cautionary tale of all. A cautionary tale, indeed.\""
"3167" "\"She didn't know of any bullying at all.\""
"3168" "\"Defiantly Kathleen looked right at Claire. Startled by her mother’s directness, she splintered her finger on the woven reeds of the table.\""
"3169" "\"He rubbed the coils of his body so hard fire was created for the first time. He called on the spirit of the Kookaburra to call the sun to rise and to create the first day.\""
"3170" "\"B: Cleaning. I can only cook thing that are blackened or flambe.\""
"3171" "\"Sounds like we are getting back to the original daube recipe such as Dorie Greenspan claims is her \\"to go to\\" recipe. I am fortunate that The Trout likes to use the knife and he does a great job with slicing and chopping. With all that done in advance, this stew comes together quickly.\""
"3172" "\"Her lips curved into a sexy, flirtatious smile. “Or you could stay.”\""
"3173" "\"the May kit is being called. \\" love in an instant\\"\""
"3174" "\"You see, its not a problem, such sly slips are common when the object of the story is to not subjectively debate the pros and cons of the amendment but to provide a one-sided view that reinforces the existing paradigm, that being, “women are always the victim”. Thats why she is being accused of being biased and not following her journalistic fiduciary role.\""
"3175" "\"“Unlike you” – Evans was speaking to one who only half heard him – “I like to live with my treasures. To-night I’ve dined with Schalcken and his little girl. One picture is sufficient for a room; at the most four. The rest should be hung in a gallery. When I am likely to be away from home for any length of time, I take a picture with me. When I return, I know that picture. If I were an artist, I could reproduce every line of it.”\""
"3176" "\"Dobrou Chut'/ Enjoy!\""
"3177" "\"I think it was with this book that Fleming toyed with killing off 007, having tired of the character and the hassles of dreaming up new adventures. It would have been the perfect vehicle. Instead of a third person report on the death of Bond (like he tried, almost, in From Russia, With Love), we have an eye witness report. The tell-tale sign occurs just before the final battle. Fleming practically foreshadows Bond's death when he tells her to \\"remember who I was\\". He gives her his 007 recognition number and runs off to fight. She wonders why he would use the past tense, and in the suspenseful fight that follows we hold our breath as Bond and the baddies shoot it out.\""
"3178" "\"I stood with pride\""
"3179" "\"We got a grant from the Open Society Institute to hold the show in Bangladesh and in the U.S.A. The funding also included money to make posters that we hoped human rights organisations in Bangladesh would exhibit, but they all backed out at the last minute.\""
"3180" "\"Getting caught up on my blogging after a loooong ten days or so of action-packed stuff. First up was the Dock Street Truffled Old Ale release; we got an advance tasting at the Four Seasons on January 23rd (Craig LaBan got an even advanceder tasting, and wrote this). I took the train down, endearing myself to my green friends, I'm sure, and walked over to the Four Seasons from Suburban Station...and then started really wishing I'd worn something nicer than the old nylon windbreaker I'd pulled on over sweater and jeans.\""
"3181" "\"of the past need to crumble to cleanse\""
"3182" "\"Renovations\""
"3183" "\"How a religion formulates its relationship with pain is very telling. Is it good for you, as the older book religions sometimes suggest? Or is it something we can and should avoid, as modern society seems generally keener on as an idea? Do we need pain and misery in our lives to make us rounded, spiritual people, or do we need to overcome it in order to achieve permanent happiness? How a religion, or for that matter a religious person handles this issue can be quite telling.\""
"3184" "\"And one final note.. I would not be true to the name MissPrettyPerfect if I didn't let you further know what all MissPrettyPerfect stands for in my mind. And this currently situation is just another testimony to share with you, and not to mention, a Perfect example. It's all about creating a positive and perfect surrounding, even though in reality, that is not exactly the case. The name MissPrettyPerfect represents strength and an ability to Know that everything is going to be alright regardless the outcome (Faith). We may not live in a Perfect world, but we have the ability to make it one for ourselves and our families.\""
"3185" "\"5) Section C of the 1948 United Nations Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide:\""
"3186" "\"into the blaze of death\""
"3187" "\"The terrorist attacks of 9/11 were unusual. (Even if you take all the terrorist attacks in the world, they are still unusual.) In seeking explanations for those events, our minds are drawn to other unusual things linked to them—especially at the group level. ...Muslims are only the latest victim of illusory correlations in the United States. African-Americans have long suffered the same bias when it comes to crime. In every country on earth, you can find minority groups that get tagged with various pathologies for no better reason than that the pathologies are unusual and the minorities are minorities.\""
"3188" "\"to raise our understanding and overall IQs,\""
"3189" "\"Such a long road\""
"3190" "\"M: But the milongueros from other times were also porteños.\""
"3191" "\"Die- Magnolia Pennant\""
"3192" "\"On the back of countless meetings with private investors, MP's, TfL, the Mayor's office and Boris Johnson himself, Ajit has received private funding to buy Brompton Road for tours and potentially other entertainment.\""
"3193" "\"Let’s talk a bit about you Tony. What made you want to get into the industry in the first place?\""
"3194" "\"But Freeman is neither unremarkable nor bloodless. Hearing him live is like taking a tour of a fun house: you never know what you’ll find behind the next door.\""
"3195" "\"Last year Jason bought me an indoor trainer for my bike as an early Valentine's Day present. Less than a week later we found out my parents were planning to buy HIM an indoor bike trainer! So, we now have two bike trainers, one for each bike.\""
"3196" "\"Unfortunately when researching this post, I discovered many of my beloved Chanel colors are no longer available on the website. Here's where blogs are dynamite. There a woman out here whom I believe works for Chanel right in this blogosphere. Broken Poet. She's very sweetly warned me when favorites of mine were disappearing, and to be honest, I find Chanel sales associates to be the best I've ever met. They know their lines and they know aesthetics. Plus, Chanel immediately took back a product that broke me out in a rash. I. Love. Chanel. Edward Bess is awesome, too--not just the makeup, but the man himself. Total. Sweetheart. He (he!!!) was the person to put me in red lipstick. He deserves a kiss.\""
"3197" "\"The last decade has seen the number of foreign offenders locked up every year in English prisons more than double, with only a few actually completing their full sentences.\""
"3198" "\"We spent the next few days in Baton Rouge while he finished up some work, and I even went to work with him and helped him with a project that involved writing. You guys already know how I feel about doing that, so I won’t be redundant.\""
"3199" "\"some things you cannot understand\""
"3200" "\"Just across the parking lot is a big box hardware store. I needed to pick up a door knocker for one of my projects. A quick in and out I told myself. No drama. Get the thing, stand in line, pay, leave. It didn't happen. I did not want to sign up to have all my current and future purchases captured in their data base. I did not want a store credit card. I did not want to disburse my phone numbers or e-mail addresses. I did not want to be data mined. A fact which I mentioned to the nice man who was trying his best to recruit my participation. Nice Man sighed saying, \\" We all have to open cards or get program signee quotas to keep our jobs. Are you sure you don't want to enroll?\\" I declined. I hope Nice Man keeps his job. I hope dog food cashier keeps hers too. If they don't I hope they will sue their former employers for the good of us all.\""
"3201" "\"2. My secret food indulgence is brown sauce butties. Two slices of buttered white bread and a dollop of brown sauce - lovely.\""
"3202" "\"Khavu knows that in case she is incapacitated and Juma refuses to deliver the killing blow, Juma will be killed. Khavu will live with the defeat as her opponent wasn’t strong enough to kill after all, and Juma will be killed for bringing dishonour to the challenge she herself made.\""
"3203" "\"As a side note, just in case you didn’t know, the insanely adorable baby in the picture is my little granddaughter, Lilia. My heart swells every time I look at her, and I’m so excited that she’s coming to visit this month! Michigan is just tooooo far away from Grandma Cupcake in Brooklyn!\""
"3204" "\"Did you 'like' this post? Please recommend it to other readers by selecting the +1 box, below.\""
"3205" "\"If I hadn't been so tired I would have sewn something straight away. Imagine if I'd had a garment to show you in this blog post? That would have been insane. Instead you, and I, are going to have to wait.\""
"3206" "\"And now that Charlotte's almost crawling it's the perfect time to be adding more decor accents around the house, isn't it?\""
"3207" "\"This is a real story. Joshua Bell playing incognito in the metro station was organized by the Washington Post as part of an social experiment about perception, taste and priorities of people. The outlines were: in a commonplace environment at an inappropriate hour: Do we perceive beauty? Do we stop to appreciate it? Do we recognize the talent in an unexpected context?\""
"3208" "\"“But how can you-”\""
"3209" "\"Living Headstones\""
"3210" "\"What is BookAnd?\""
"3211" "\"Level 13: Mastery: +62%, Weapon ATT: +13, Minimum Critical Damage: +7%.\""
"3212" "\"This is the third and last drawing in this trilogy.\""
"3213" "\"Alot has been said about the The Band’s legendary drummer passing over to the other side so I won’t repeat it unnecessarily, although as a “music blogger” I’d be remiss if I didn’t at least tip my hat to one of the greats.\""
"3214" "\"Grace conjures up $30\""
"3215" "\"As an insurance policy, W and X kidnap Lt. Susan Watson (Linda Miller), Lt. Commander Jiro Nomura (Akira Takarada) and Commander Carl Nelson (Rhodes Reason). Seems Big 'N' Hairy developed a crush on Susan when she and the boys went native on Mondo Island, and he does what she tells him to. After much ne'er-do-well plotting, scheming, threatening and other stuff, Real Kong escapes and hightails his banana-lovin' keister for Tokyo (as if there were a doubt he would). Susan and company also break out of North Pole oppression, but W and his minions follow with Klang Kong, Susan is grabbed up by the faux-bot promptly and taken high atop Tokyo Tower (since it would have cost too much to get The Empire State Building overseas) and a battle ensues between Kong and his robotic replica.\""
"3216" "\"The hotel is known to be inhabited by seventeen different spirits but there are three specific ghosts that frequently make themselves known to guests and employees. One is the smoking man who leaves behind a lingering cigar scent after he appears, the second is a small boy and the third is a lady of the night by the name of Julia Lowell, who killed herself at the hotel after being rejected by a hotel regular.\""
"3217" "\"TIP: As mentioned in my Grandmother's Fried Corn recipe, buy corn as fresh as possible preferably the day of picking. The longer it hangs around, the starchier it will get. That is why older corn is good to use in dishes like fried corn but you won’t get as much natural milk from the ears of older corn and why the cream addition is needed.\""
"3218" "\"By taking the 4 minutes to go through the vehicles “vitals” with your customer, it will give the customer confidence that you are going to correctly go through the rest of the vehicle and prescribe the proper diagnosis for the vehicles ills.\""
"3219" "\"Corruption is a disease that has infected every aspect of Malaysian life. BERSIH 2.0 and the rakyat demand for an end to all forms of corruption. Current efforts to eradicate corruption are mere tokens to appease public grouses. We demand that serious action is taken against ALL allegations of corruption, including vote buying.\""
"3220" "\"I re-started my Netflix this week (quite by accident, actually, but what's done is done). While I was sorting through the Instant Watch tab, I clicked on their Gay and Lesbian category. This is what they list in the sidebar:\""
"3221" "\"I became \\"a smoker\\" without realising it because I got labelled by Tobacco Control and it's uncharitable \\"charity\\" front groups.\""
"3222" "\"EBBGF Blog (ebbgfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.\""
"3223" "\"“Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.” – Alex Levine\""
"3224" "\"* Schedule / coordinate mover for early June - get house and personal items organized.\""
"3225" "\"Pastors address the sins of pornography, lust, greed, and other issues from the pulpit, but they never address the sin of overeating—a sin that many pastors suffer from themselves.\""
"3226" "\"I smoke.\""
"3227" "\"I went in wearing my Brooks Adrenaline shoes and started looking around. A clerk came up to me and asked if she could help me and I told her I was looking for the Made in USA running shoes. She said the model that would be a good transition from my Brooks was the MR993. I tried on a few pair to get a good fit. The MR993s looked different, felt different and sounded different than any of my previous shoes. I felt confident that I was getting the right shoe because anyone working in the corporate store must know what they are talking about.\""
"3228" "\"With a continuously running clock do one pull-up the first minute, two pull-ups the second minute, three pull-ups the third minute… continuing as long as you are able.\""
"3229" "\"Grace as Unmerited Forgiveness\""
"3230" "\"Want your kids to eat healthier? Cook! Cook with them, cook in front of them, cook with healthy organic foods and teach them how to grow up eating healthy. Start those habits early. Shop with them. My son was curious about a veggie and as a result, I learned how to cook it.\""
"3231" "\"I recognize those cabinets, hinges and stove hood! They're the same as my own in my 80's era rental kitchen. Here, a sweet little frame has been put directly onto a cabinet door, and most of the focus goes to the beautiful (and newly? installed) butcher block counters, sink, and window with glass shelves. The hot pink flowers in the sink take it to the next level. I love it when stylists put flowers in the sink.\""
"3232" "\"The names of the bowl games is a clear indicator of where the priorities lie. The games used to be called the Rose Bowl, the Orange Bowl, the Fiesta Bowl and the Sugar Bowl. Now, with the advent of the BCS, the games are now called the FedEx Orange Bowl, the Allstate Sugar Bowl, the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl, and the Rose Bowl Game presented by Vizio. These names are stupid. It's the same as the stadium names in professional sports, but at least the athletes are being paid in the Pro's.\""
"3233" "\"QUESTION: If Total Depravity is true than how is it possible for mankind to do so many good things?\""
"3234" "\"yet another post that Blogger decided shouldn't go up as scheduled.\""
"3235" "\"The first danger of fundamentalism in leadership is the loss of love and joy in the Lord and grace towards those within the church. Quoting Barclay, Mounce sums up this first danger, “heresy-hunting had killed love and orthodoxy had been achieved at the price of fellowship.” According to Christ in Revelation 2, that was too great of a price to pay.\""
"3236" "\"Old Post Office Pavilion\""
"3237" "\"Scorers: 1-3 Sam Schwodler, 2-3 Kristian Hewitt (p)\""
"3238" "\"The original character/Eric story is a pre-revelation one shot.\""
"3239" "\"Place lard and salt in a large mixing bowl. Whip with an electric mixer on high speed until fluffy. Add masa harina and beat at low speed until well mixed. Pour in reserved cooking liquid a little at a time until mixture is the consistency of soft cookie dough.\""
"3240" "\"The last line is an “inside joke” as they are words she would always say when angry. I could go on forever about the things she did, what kind of women she was…but I’ll just say this:\""
"3241" "\"2. Find out the topic for the week by searching for the #eltpics hashtag or asking @sandymillin, @fionamau or @cgoodey (the current curators of the site). A new topic is announced every Sunday. (By the way, if you have any topic suggestions, feel free to let us know!)\""
"3242" "\"Cracknell\""
"3243" "\"On Jonathan’s death (he passed away April 14 at age 87): “There’s something very weird and tragic about the fact that he died just before the film was released. If he had stuck it out – if that fate had been dealt to him – he would have really enjoyed the film and enjoyed the attention.”\""
"3244" "\"Alex: Where is the project at right now?\""
"3245" "\"And here’s Mind #3: The fact that this issue merited an entire article in the hard copy of the New York Times — space that is disappearing faster than Happy Meal fries – is just another example of our obsession with every little thing that has to do with parenting. As if every hour of time with them is fraught with the potential for developmental leaps or horrifying danger. When really what we’re talking about is an afternoon at the playground.\""
"3246" "\"Can’t we all just get along, people!?!?! Don’t you see that we are ALL correct?!?! That there is no right and wrong? We’re in this TOGETHER and if we don’t stick together then where the hell does that leave us?\""
"3247" "\"OMG!! How fitting that she was singing this in a bed rather like mine....to a man who rather had a look of Pip! Oooh er.......SPOOKY!!!\""
"3248" "\"About the book, from the publisher:The Civil War thrust millions of men and women—rich and poor, soldiers and civilians, enslaved and free—onto the roads of the South. During four years of war, Southerners lived on the move. In the hands of Yael A. Sternhell, movement becomes a radically new means to perceive the full trajectory of the Confederacy’s rise, struggle, and ultimate defeat.\""
"3249" "\"I struggle to say the words.\""
"3250" "\"Eventually, with the traffic and city stress of Johannesburg disappearing in our rear view mirror, we hit the long road even further South. Despite already being around 2000km south of home when this photo was taken, the extreme distances still beguiled with signposts such as this... \\"Cape Town 1014 km\\".\""
"3251" "\"Powers Gold Cup and Charlie Hall Chase on Sackville, the Irish Arkle Perpetual Challenge Cup in 2006 Missed That and in 2010 on An Cathaoir Mor as well as the 2001 James Nicholson Chase and Ericsson Chase on Foxchapel King. His biggest win during 2011 came in the Irish Hennessy Gold Cup, when partnered the Willie Mullins-trained Kempes to victory. He has had two Cheltenham Festival successes on Fadoudal Du Cochet in the 2002 Grand Annual Chase and Rule Supreme in the 2004 RSA Chase. He was still leading the field on Hedgehunter when the pair departed company at the final fence in 2004 but missed the winning ride a year later due to injury. He also came close to glory in 2008, when coming third on Snowy Morning. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1997 New Co (15th); 2000 Lucky Town (8th); 2001 Strong Tel (Fell 6th); 2002 Spot Thedifference (UR 4 out); 2003 Cregg House (Ref 4 out); 2004 Hedgehunter (Fell 30th); 2006 Jack High (UR 15th); 2007 Bothar Na (PU bef 29th); 2008 Snowy Morning (3rd); 2009 Offshore Account (15th); 2010 Snowy Morning (6th); 2011 Arbor Supreme (Fell 28th)\""
"3252" "\"Although it is difficult to trace the exact etymology of the word “honeymoon,” some believe that it refers to the concept of romantic love being its sweetest immediately following a couple’s marriage. Over time, this theory posits, love gradually fades like the waning of the moon. The usage of the word “honey,” besides being sweet, may also refer to the European tradition wherein a couple would receive up to a month’s supply of mead (i.e., a beverage made of fermented honey) as a wedding gift to ensure a couple’s happiness and fertility.\""
"3253" "\"Upon Nikola Tesla's death on January 7th, 1943, the U.S. Government immediately moved into his lab and apartment and confiscated all of his scientific research - including his work on Wardenclyffe and research on the ionosphere.\""
"3254" "\"Some parents have a healthy sense that even as an adult we should be feeding our inner children. We should be allowed and encouraged to let our child-like creative sides run wild. The parents who encourage these leanings in a healthy way will be rewarded. If you let your kid turn the treehouse into a launch pad, you may be grooming a future astronaut. If you help your child write about the imaginary friends that she sees, you may be nurturing a future Suzanne Collins and another Hunger Games trilogy. However, there are some parents who take away parts of a child, Boxing Helena-style. These adults slowly chip away at a child’s independence and self confidence, until the child is 42 and still living at home. The adult-man-child haunts the basement where he does nothing, but post sh*tty comments on Youtube contributing nothing to the world. Maybe there was a point where this could’ve been stopped. Maybe when your boy was a young man and he wanted to go out on that date and he asked you to help him buy some Drakkar Noir…maybe it was a mistake for you to give him this, instead…\""
"3255" "\"What a difference in your day,\""
"3256" "\"Death masks were also believed to help the deceased soul to pass more easily into the next life. The respect and sacredness of the funeral rites of mask dancing was also believed to protect from reprisals from the dead and prevent the risk of wandering spirits. In some tribes the Death Mask was used in initiatory or homage ceremonies, which recounted the creation story and the appearance of death among human beings.\""
"3257" "\"For the more active moments, I had set the camera to continuous shooting and then followed Rob’s recommendation to use the high-speed version as well, which did then improve my hit rate of getting some action (note to self: think of better terminology in the future). Although, unfortunately for me as a Sarries fan, I did develop a tendency to capture some less than flattering moments.\""
"3258" "\"To find that the utmost reward\""
"3259" "\"Why can't any see through those windows?\""
"3260" "\"But I mentioned to Daphna Baram that I thought Israel’s image in the UK had mainly gone downhill since my erstwhile youth largely because of accents.\""
"3261" "\"11. Rebellion (Lies)\""
"3262" "\"NYC DECLARES WEATHER EMERGENCY\""
"3263" "\"\\"It will be interesting to see whether the Court's reasoning in this case could be avoided in future cases by using different claim language, e.g. by using method features to define the combination therapy. Would such claims still be considered to specify the active ingredient as \\"forming part of a combination in conjunction with another active ingredient? Another approach, which does not appear to have been pleaded in Yeda, would have been to argue that the patent is for an \\"application\\" of the active ingredient in the sense of Article 1(c) (with the \\"application\\" being a combination therapy with the other active ingredient). Unfortunately, however, the CJEU's order is couched in terms that will make it difficult to run such an argument in the future\\".\""
"3264" "\"\\"Be a good girl and you can have one after Lexi gets her hair cut,\\" was my calm, matter-of-fact answer. However, all anyone heard was, \\"Be a good girl...\\" before my words were cut off by screaming of epic proportions. Brooklyn threw herself down on the floor and continued to cry as if someone was kicking her. Yep, that's a perfectly normal, justified reaction, don't you think?\""
"3265" "\"– That’s better. Now, whom did they get?\""
"3266" "\"When I am running, naked or not (with or without music), there is a sense of peace, of letting ‘it’ all go and delving into a little bit of heaven. With the breeze that blows the leaves, the fragrance of life around me, and the firmness of the God-given earth under my feet, glimpses of peace seep into my being. THAT is the benefit of a worship room.\""
"3267" "\"About lenses i.Fairy Hana Pink : Even I waited for quite a long time, I got the amazing case I didn't expect. Lenses are really HUGE, but because of that they're not as comfortable. But they really look fairy like and as my mum said, I look like a fairy-tale character. The pink also isn't that noticeable, so from a far, it looks like a mega enlarging circle lenses.\""
"3268" "\"Mile 14: Stopped to take off our shoes and enjoy a short nap on some dude's front lawn. Been passed by several 75 year-old ladies, and two pre-teens running with stuffed teddy bears under their arms. Glad I'm not wearing anything that says Army, because Uncle Sam himself might suddenly apparate and rip my stripes of my sleeves for being such a wussy.\""
"3269" "\"The book is a wonderful homage to Dickens which gave me many sleepless nights when I simply couldn’t put it down. I think – I hope – the great man would enjoy it too.\""
"3270" "\"I used my powers to help myself and the team, but my powers were limited, but we were able to clear or almost clear several more underground levels; but eventually we had to retreat back to the first underground level after getting over-whelmed.\""
"3271" "\"Now, one of the problems the online commentariat has with SOPA stems from the fact that the companies pushing for the law, such as big motion picture production companies, have deep pockets and are donating money to politicians. That has made for a big, fat, easy target set up in the faces of anarchically-minded web-naturals like Cory Doctorow, the fiction writer.\""
"3272" "\"We need co-workers!\""
"3273" "\"“You’re a talentless hack and you have no clue,\""
"3274" "\"God has raised from death Our Lord Jesus Christ, who is the Greatest Shepherd of the sheep as the result of His blood, by which the eternal covenant is sealed. May the God of peace provide me with every good thing I need in order to do His will, and may He through Our Lord Jesus Christ; do in me what pleases Him. And to Christ be the glory forever and ever! Amen!\""
"3275" "\"Garlic (as many as you want – full heads though)\""
"3276" "\"I have another of my samples to show you today which is actually a Just Inklined Digi sheet sample that I made before Christmas. These sheets are 4 digi images printed onto smooth white card which makes them ideal for promarkers and copics etc. There are many sheets to choose from and they are only 59p per sheet! This particular sheet is available here. I have coloured the image in with my promarkers.\""
"3277" "\"Rane is such an evil, criminal mastermind of great skill that he has managed to put his own people aboard the plane. In a matter of minutes once the plane takes off, his guys kill both FBI agents and take over the plane. It's then up to Cutter to take back the plane and capture Rane, with only a stewardess to help him out. In the course of the movie, Cutter will jump out of a moving plane, punch a French guy in the throat, hit that French ponytail wearing bastard with a golf club in the balls, ride a motorcycle dangerously (why of course), beat up some redneck cops, and deliver some classic one-liners.\""
"3278" "\"The Make It Monday linky party is open again.\""
"3279" "\"Here are some of the flowers I have in a few of my beds! I haven't ever seen any like these before and I just fell in LOVE with them!\""
"3280" "\"First up shortstop Ian Desmond. One of the position players that makes some mighty spectacular plays. One of which seems to be shown in his card here, WOW what a picture.\""
"3281" "\"from sacred space to sacred space?”\""
"3282" "\"Anyway, it's nice to finally have some new stamps to work with, I was getting sick of using the same ones all the time.\""
"3283" "\"Away in a manger,\""
"3284" "\"leave me in reverent silence.\""
"3285" "\"In the United States:\""
"3286" "\"“You have one hour,” the examiner said, carelessly dropping the test envelope down in front of Anya. “All the sections must be filled out,” he placed a pencil at the top of the desk, “any hint of cheating and your test will end immediately, and you will be prohibited from testing again until next year.” Anya reached for the pencil, but the sharp glare from the examiner made her shrink back into her chair. “The test will begin when I say it does.” He growled, walking towards his desk.\""
"3287" "\"There are many wonderful “weeds” that we can find easily in most yards, gardens, fields or roadsides that are actually very helpful, nutritious plants. A few of our family favorites are, wild violet, dandelion, horse radish, mullein, plantain and chickweed.\""
"3288" "\"Upcycle ideas that are sure to be attention getters:\""
"3289" "\"The full letter from the Clarence Superintendent is below:\""
"3290" "\"the head-banging,\""
"3291" "\"* October 5th 2:00 pm to 5:00 pm - Sign In\""
"3292" "\"While our pickers rested the first lots of Nally bins were loaded onto the truck to go to the winemaker. Usually we go and watch the initial process of crushing the grapes but this time we needed to keep going and retrive the nets from the vineyard.\""
"3293" "\"Me: Yes. And the flora.\""
"3294" "\"\\"From the time I was tiny, the people around me, my parents, were regular readers. And from the time I was tiny, they read aloud to me. Poetry, the newspaper, picture books, you name it. Words were something I appreciated from a young age.\\"\""
"3295" "\"Now what are those voices that people claim to hear? The first are angels and for this we read Galatians 1:8. “But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed.” Angels do speak from heaven but beware; it is false. This is proven from 1 Timothy 4:1 that “in the latter times some shall depart from the faith giving heed to seducing spirits.” The seducing spirits are angels who left their first estate or the demons that so often opposed Jesus while on earth.\""
"3296" "\"i feel like she is a newborn again, only worse, because while i am laying there on the ground she is walking on me, screaming and pulling my hair.\""
"3297" "\"Albert Finney (Under the Volcano)\""
"3298" "\"just like heaven...the cure\""
"3299" "\"Hmm....not bad...\""
"3300" "\"A shot of the way the jacket goes at the back:\""
"3301" "\"Min 5: “I don’t think I should’ve capitalized Mom in that last minute thought. PEOPLE KNOW MY GRAMMAR IS TOILET LEVEL. THEY CAN FEEL IT and that’s why they’re not reading this post. Mom? Mom, help! That’s when you capitalize Mom when it’s used like a name, jackass.”\""
"3302" "\"After that, no amount of hearts and minds, hospital and school building, \\"surges\\", kicking down doors will work.\""
"3303" "\"For fans of the FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER who may have wondered what the actual colour of his skin was supposed to be in those old black and white films, you may be surprised to learn that the model kits and toys down through the years had it right from day one. As you can see from this rare, unretouched colour photo of BORIS KARLOFF from the movie, SON OF FRANKENSTEIN, his epidermis was a pale and putrid green.\""
"3304" "\"Offended at her rejection, Vince blurted out, “What don’t I understand? The weird little war, you and Russell have me involved in?”\""
"3305" "\"Click the link below and vote now!\""
"3306" "\"You think you've wounded me\""
"3307" "\"Or, rather, there’s a complete rewrite of a manuscript first drafted two years ago. And it’s dark and gritty. It’s deep and intense. It’s shot through with bolts of lyricism.\""
"3308" "\"More time has passed and he has been in my home on two different occasions. Last week, we kissed and I felt no spark. None of the passion that has always flowed between us was present on this occasion. I took note of this, thinking that it reinforced my decision weeks prior.\""
"3309" "\"These events are not infrequent. I personally know pastors who have received death threats for their stances on various policies advanced by the gay agenda. As blogger Wintery Knight chronicles, such persecution is widespread and goes far beyond mere vandalism. Whether it is a public harangue against Christian students at a journalism conference or students keeping a speaker from talking at a public university, Christians have become a major target of homosexual activists.\""
"3310" "\"Hugest of thanks to everybody who joined in last week and there was a lot of cuteness here in the land of blog from you all :)\""
"3311" "\"Paul Moloney\""
"3312" "\"Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, January 13, 2012. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, January 14th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!\""
"3313" "\"I feel dishonest, sitting in a folding chair on community night while these earnest people open up their lives to each other, knowing I am not being vulnerable in return, knowing they would not know how to respond if I were, knowing there is no room for me here.\""
"3314" "\"I know most of the people won't do this but i am a world citizen! I wanna know the lifestyle of the local and also everything (bottom up) about the city i am living now. I don't wanna simply waste my time here just doing a research project or enjoying the city like a passer by!\""
"3315" "\"\\"The authorities\\" are losing tax on this, because they impose a levy on pre-made, pre-packaged cigarettes. The roll-you-own shops don't pay the levy because they don't sell pre-packaged cigarettes: they just provide a way for the customer to produce themselves something that is similar, but not the same as pre-packaged cigarettes. Thus as all good entrepreneurs, they exploit a loophole left by the authorities.\""
"3316" "\"Though this was a little light overall I thought that this was another good episode, things are steadily becoming a lot more clearer than they were when the show began, and the Okinawan/Ryukyuan independence plot still has some potential. If anything however I’m wondering just what Pied Piper’s role in this will be.\""
"3317" "\"Elvis Costello I want you UK\""
"3318" "\"This compilation groups together a number of rarities from Tomorrow, a band that only recorded one official album during its lifetime, but played an essential role in the rise of the British psych scene. The second half of the album is comprised of live recordings from \\"Christmas on Earth Continued,\\" a psychedelic event held at London Olympia that also featured The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Pink Floyd, Traffic, The Move and Soft Machine. Apparently, The Who were also scheduled to play but never bothered showing up.\""
"3319" "\"(more details will be forthcoming). We recommend starting with a new ablum as 2011 will be a new story to tell.\""
"3320" "\"The Miami Dolphins wide receiver had a touchdown catch in each quarter, including an early 74-yarder and a 3-yarder in the fourth, in a game filled with highlight-reel catches. He was selected the game’s MVP and his four TD catches set a Pro Bowl record.\""
"3321" "\"Who better than the Violent Femmes?\""
"3322" "\"- Dave Barry\""
"3323" "\"Now you have a list and you are aware of not doing what will cause to you. What you need now is to find out how to build into your life \\"your wished things which needs to get a poke\\". I know it sounds a litle bit crazy. But sometimes it can happen that though we would like to change, and we do our best, but somehow the enthusiasm stars to decrease .... so the changing progresses slower, which would turn us down. To avoid \\"giving up\\", with poking we could give another chance to ourselves.\""
"3324" "\"“We introduced our friendly alien to the world in the pages of Dark Horse Presents last year, and those installments have now been collected into Resident Alien #0. Over the next few months, you’ll learn a bit more about Harry and his supporting cast and watch as he attempts to catch a murderer - and that’s just for starters. This alien is here to stay.”\""
"3325" "\"Mitt Romney, signaling that his entire campaign is going to consist of \\"I'm rubber, you're glue\\" arguments, is asserting that President Obama is the guy who's really waging a \\"war on women.\\" Romney says that 92.3% of the jobs lost in this country since Obama took office have been held by women -- which may be technically true but (you probably know all this) fails to take into account the fact that recessions go in predictable patterns, and this one began, predictably, with much greater job losses by man. It also includes job losses from the very beginning of Obama's term, when his policies hadn't taken effect and, thus, couldn't possibly have had an impact.\""
"3326" "\"Emotions on wet roads on autumn nights;\""
"3327" "\"Mr. Rikus Ras' two toddlers went hysterical while about ten traffic \\"officers\\" assaulted their father.\""
"3328" "\"I think so to a degree, my mother was not a very good cook. I love the company and the conviviality of friends enjoying all getting together and enjoying a meal together. I did grow up as a very wealthy kid but the most wonderful marvelous thing to share was food and then sharing meals together with friends. Food is always synonymous with good drink.\""
"3329" "\"So what exactly is Lie To Me about?\""
"3330" "\"I have barely kept up with my yard/flowers/garden. I planted all white flowers this year with a vision on moonlight lovliness. But it feels a bit boring to me. I miss the color. I found I have a frog living in my front yard garden and another frog (I think) living in my back yard garden. Do I have pictures of them? No, I guess because I just haven't enjoyed them this year.\""
"3331" "\"What a great lesson for me. I am trying to stay motivated to write my unschooling book while working on Daddy 365, and simultaneously trying to be a good Dad and partner. Recently, I got a small \\"from home\\" consulting gig that is occupying my thoughts as well as my time, which is great but adds another level of engagement in a new project. As I watch my son effortlessly guide himself past obligation and into a place that works best for him, I can feel a shift of my own priorities to get back to simple basics a bit. Not sure where that will lead or if it will even stick, but I am definitely thankful for his positive example.\""
"3332" "\"Me (startled): Umm... no.\""
"3333" "\"Wallow in self pity b/c : A. I have very little adult human contact, B. I am sick of winter, C. I feel fat\""
"3334" "\"Smart Solution Number Three: You have to marry a good attitude with your skills to get ahead this world. You can have the best answer in the world. But, if you don’t marry your knowledge with your skill to communicate and build trust in the relationship, you are less likely to be heard and respected.\""
"3335" "\"And because I love you.\""
"3336" "\"Splits - 9:46, 10:49, 11:37, 9:29, 10:06\""
"3337" "\"Now, today is YOUR day to win a chance to get this software for FREE. Seriously, all you have to do is leave a comment and tell me why you digi (or want to digi) to win a free downloadable copy of this fabulous software. For an extra chance to win, visit the My Memories site and view their digi kits and tell me which one you like the best. Yet another opportunity to put your name in the hat: follow their blog, like them on Facebook or follow them in Twitter and then come back and leave another comment telling me which one(s) you did. That's up to five chances to get your name into the hat. This will be open for comments until 5pm Eastern Time on Friday, December 2nd. Please pass the word...\""
"3338" "\"Spend all your time waiting for that second chance\""
"3339" "\"”Romney also has the luxury of an open schedule. Although without the gilded mantle of the presidency, he can spend every waking hour as a full-time candidate, while the President is required to do his day job.”\""
"3340" "\"Which brings us to ,\""
"3341" "\"Sometimes art resonates with an audience, and our belief in the rightness and virtue of its creative vision is confirmed. How could it not be? What the artist is doing has just demonstrated its meaning for these other people as well, enough so that they sometimes spend good money to support its efforts. This can be both welcome and satisfying to an artist: Art DOES matter to people.\""
"3342" "\"5. Doctor 9\""
"3343" "\"Here I am, finally!\""
"3344" "\"So many of you have been so good to me. I have definitely learned who truly loves me through this. I am so thankful to so many of you who have gone out of your way to support me and my family, even if we weren't close before. Character is truly shown when life gets hard. I'm thankful to be able to see that in so many people.\""
"3345" "\"This is basically a small cup of chowder with oysters in it. The soup was definitely made up largely of heavy cream, butter and maybe chopped chives. It was super duper rich so much so it tasted like there was cheese melted into it. It’s so decadent and I can see why our server suggested the fresh made parker house rolls to dip into the soup (this is not something I would really spoon into my mouth?). The uni butter crostini – well you couldn’t make out the uni but it sure was delicious dipped into that chowder. I managed to fish out three HUGE succulent oysters:\""
"3346" "\"One of the items that I included in the kits, was a piece of corrugated cardstock. I gave all the design team a challenge to make an embellishment out of it. I was really looking forward to seeing what everyone came up with and they did not disappoint! After playing around with my corrugated piece, this is what I ended up with:\""
"3347" "\"A mental note to complete homework\""
"3348" "\"Dear Friends, Family, Blogging Buddies and Chengdu Families:\""
"3349" "\"There are groups of people that I am honestly not comfortable around and I look at how Jesus connects with people and if I’m desiring to be like Christ I have to ask him to break down those walls in my heart. We have to love how Christ loves. This does not mean that we accept sinful lifestyles as though they were ok. What it does mean is that we are called to meet these people where they are to then bring them to Christ.\""
"3350" "\"Business was brisk throughout the morning despite the snow flurries and sub-zero temperatures. As the day progressed the sun shone through now and then. Part-way through the afternoon I managed to meet and chat to the lovely Nilly Hall. Do check out her clever and informative blog, it is one of the best blogs around in my opinion.\""
"3351" "\"This blog series is looking good to me....\""
"3352" "\"We discovered asian heaven below the Hard Rock Cafe. I cant help but feel like I was supporting child labour in some way as i delightfully sifted through racks of semi normal shaped clothing. I found a gorgeous ruffled cap sleeve sweater that tied in the front in a wonderful earthy camel colour for $2.99. no thats not off by a decimal place or two….$2.99. followed by a $9 shirt and 2 pairs of $14 black skinny jeans that fit great. Like I said, I felt guilty as I walked out with my much needed work purchases I couldnt help but feel I was supporting child labour somewhere. But it went to find ME work and that had to count for something.\""
"3353" "\"Wonderful Betty MacDonald News!\""
"3354" "\"One thing that is hard for me in seasons like this, while I’m feeling stretched, is when the house seems like we can’t quite catch up. I know I’ve shared recently on here about our FIGHT THE LAZY campaign. It’s working. I’m not gonna lie – I’m not on my game every day (like today when I turned off the alarm and got out of bed 20 minutes later) but there is a difference in things around here. And you know what? It really is the little things that add up to big things. Something as small as taking a couple minutes to grind my coffee and fill the kettle the night before can mean one less thing to think about when I’m still trying to wake up. Doing the dishes and clearing the counters the night before give me a clean slate in the morning. I’m not waking up feeling overwhelmed and am therefore in a better mood first thing.\""
"3355" "\"We thought it was funny to put the babies facing each other over the lake weekend for the fourth. Mike and our friend Danny started narrating for them as if they were fighting. \\"I will stun you with my ninja moves!\\" We were having a good laugh over it.\""
"3356" "\"Arrogance that is built on group membership grows stronger over time. People fall prey to a self-serving bias. They see their group in the best possible light. “People at my level know what is important. The people below haven’t got a clue.” In-group loyalty intensifies. Soon there are ‘people like us’ and ‘people like them.’ The people outside are depersonalized and easier to stereotype. The arrogant person can now, even subconsciously, pay attention only to that behavior which confirms why ‘those others’ are inferior.\""
"3357" "\"I have yet in 80 posts on my \\"still adolescent blog\\" compared to some I follow,\""
"3358" "\"My last day of work at the hospital was uneventful. Following the recommendation of my co-workers, I slacked off a bit and chatted with everyone. I didn't have charged batteries for my brand-new camera, so I didn't take pictures. I'll come back after my vacation and take some late at night when others aren't paying attention.\""
"3359" "\"Teang Wong Foo - Kiangton\""
"3360" "\"The longer the medical community goes on ignoring Baclofen’s efficacy in treating alcoholism the quicker I will lose all respect for doctors and medical ‘experts’. If they truly care about the wellbeing of patients with alcohol problems they will give Baclofen a chance. Now.\""
"3361" "\"Tee: EEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWW\""
"3362" "\"The Hawks have reportedly collected enough documents which point to money laundering, fraud and corruption involving the league leader. The officials – who spoke on condition of anonymity – said immediately after AfriForum’s complaint, the Hawks applied for a court order, requesting it to grant them the power to obtain Malema’s bank records, his cellphone accounts and the list of companies registered with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, be they under his name or those of his allies.\""
"3363" "\"The advertisement launched presented a youthful perspective on what’s fun in the Philippines. Possibly those pictures posted online were taken by young people, since the process of laying over text to a picture is more common to those generation. The ideas are fresh, very inventive and innovative, something that only the non-traditionally thinking could have made up, just like that of “status update”, “high five”, “mountain biking”. Such are things related to the experiences of the youth.\""
"3364" "\"clapping palm. Point\""
"3365" "\"Just have fun and come play with us :)\""
"3366" "\"The door opened.\""
"3367" "\"However, this is not to say that I think that Joe Biden shouldn't mop the floors with her in the debate. If she's in this, I say, let her be IN THIS, and if she doesn't know her shit, then let the chips fall where they may.\""
"3368" "\"I have had some thoughts on my mind since this woman opened her big mouth in the media recently.\""
"3369" "\"I cried for hours for her.\""
"3370" "\"The chair and ottoman was $600\""
"3371" "\"I also got my timetable last week. It isn't good, because I often have lessons early in the morning or very late in the evening.... but its ok. I am looking forward to the design and drawing lessons and also to the language and practise course!\""
"3372" "\"This is the same Erdogan who is till denying the genocide of the Armenians after almost one hundred years, and who personifies like no one else this Turkish grand delusion.\""
"3373" "\"Another wife, another family. They never knew you existed, you never knew they existed. It can't be true. It must be a mistake.It has to be her fault - all of it. Or: is it?\""
"3374" "\"Into the Woods to Operation Petticoat. There is no pattern I can see.\""
"3375" "\"Please have a day that is not plagued by unpleasantness and wolf attacks.\""
"3376" "\"Janet Kennon is one of the health coaches at Optima Health. She says that members feel more accountable just knowing that someone is going to call to ask about their weekly action plan, therefore more likely to stick to their goals.\""
"3377" "\"their limit. The rows between Andy and Danny – their relationship had always been slightly on the edge of mutual dislike – had turned into something of a daily occurrence, and jealousy within the band had started to rock relationships even more when Cal had bagged a modelling contract for a trendy jeans company. It soon became evident that Bon Voyage were very much on their way\""
"3378" "\"I couldn't tell you what show that is on the telly...possibly Rick Steves' travelogue.\""
"3379" "\"While we're on the subject of inter-species communication, I hung out with some schooly people last night, my first real socializing since Dragonstar and I returned last week from ARGH. The occasion was a new book group. I've never belonged to a book group. But there was the promise of wine and tasty things to eat, so I figured what the hell.\""
"3380" "\"The next day, despite finding droppings and gnawings everywhere, I was still in total denial and I didn't think about the mouse again. But that night Tom woke me up at midnight. He looked shaken, and told me that he had walked into the kitchen and spotted a mouse poking his head out of a cereal packet. 'WHICH CEREAL PACKET?' I asked, totally panic stricken. I was inwardly relieved that it had been the kids' Cheerios and not my muesli. Tom told me that he had heroically grabbed the box with the mouse still inside, and given it a good shake. What he was trying to achieve with the shake I don't know, but he said the sound of a mouse thudding around amongst Cheerios was an odd sensation. He went out into the night and bravely threw the box and its dizzy inhabitant out into the garden.\""
"3381" "\":: Taking vitamins and sometimes supplements on a daily basis.\""
"3382" "\"I mentioned a giveaway recently. This is a very exciting one. I have joined forces with my main supplier of silver clay and the woman who taught me how to make things from it, the lovely Juliet of Spoilt Rotten Beads.\""
"3383" "\"Gem's Tante Adrie is the only surviving member of his father's birth family, his father's 'baby' sister. At nearly 90, she lives on her own in a little apartment in Haarlem, a beautiful old city about forty minutes by train from Amsterdam. We arranged a Monday afternoon visit for coffee. The logistics involved several calls to iron out the details, as her English is limited and Gem's Dutch only somewhat better.\""
"3384" "\"I read this definition of submission: \\"One equal, voluntarily placing himself under another equal, that God may be glorified.\\" That really puts things into perspective! When I choose to submit to those over me, I bring glory to God with my life. We all have a choice to make. Should I have a submissive spirit (not to be mistaken for weakness) or should I go through life doing as I please and no one better get in my way!\""
"3385" "\"MELJENS\""
"3386" "\"\\"You just talked like a snake at me, Mommy. That's very bad. It's very bad to talk like a snake.\\"\""
"3387" "\"Write to me about your dreams\""
"3388" "\"A couple of days ago my hubby and I took Kid A out to eat for her seventeenth birthday. While we were out partying, my sweet neighbor tended our other three children. Now, for those of you new to this blog, my two boys--Kids B and C--are mentally disabled. While they are teenagers in body, they are about eight developmentally and have limited speech.\""
"3389" "\"He is tatted in some size 10 Rainbow Bright that I dyed to make Lucet cords. The only size 10 I have ever dyed. Now I need more colours in size 10! This one has the longer horn of a Black Rhino.\""
"3390" "\"In case you’re wondering, yes, this goes out to some of the the guys I know, we tend to disagree on many things. I stopped believing in playing relationships and dating games. Like many of the women that I know, I’m very upfront, my memory is pretty awesome and I tend not to forget things that easily, it’s those Omega 369 I tell you. They say they’re good for the brain, perhaps that’s why my memory remains in tact.\""
"3391" "\"Sarah Whitmire\""
"3392" "\"We had an amazing Christmas and New Years in Kansas City, MO with Joe's parents and brother. I was so lucky to marry into such a wonderful family! They treat us like royalty when we are there, and we had so much fun spending time with them and their sweet pup Sophie. We also got to meet Joe's brother Pat's girlfriend Kadie and we just loved her!\""
"3393" "\"6 Paz e futebol\""
"3394" "\"Check out Allure Quest Travel Experience on the web for all your travel needs – including analysis of destinations, insightful videos and the latest travel news.\""
"3395" "\"2. Leggings and tights are NOT pants. Just don’t. Neither are suitable pant replacements EVER. There is even a Facebook group you can join that’s just about that. A full out vent session about people who mistaken leggings for pants. Just don’t. EVER.\""
"3396" "\"It’s hectic!\""
"3397" "\"In the picture at the top, you'll also see a Recipe book. Cheyenne made that for Natalie a year or so ago for Christmas. This is a place Natalie can jot down her favorite recipes she got from 4-H, or while she's cooking at home. It has the sections of Breads, Misc. Cheyenne also found some cute food quotes to go with a couple of them: \\"Man cannot live by bread alone...he needs peanut butter and jelly to go with it\\"; \\"You do not like them, so you say. Try them, try them, and you may. Try them and you may, I say.\\"; \\"You get what you get, so don't throw a fit!\\"; and \\"The problem - how to get 2 lbs. of chocolate home in a hot car. The solution - eat it in the parking lot.\\" She also decorated it with cute cooking stickers.\""
"3398" "\"I won't be gone long....\""
"3399" "\"I’m going to keep these tones in mind over the next few weeks and try to double my smooth breathing technique and monitor my blood pressure. And drink my tea every morning and make sure my pants are pulled up properly. All of these morning techniques should make for me having a calm and even temper and, of course, make sure that I KEEP MY TEMPER IN CHECK.\""
"3400" "\"So we've chosen together. Reached unanimity. Are yet to submit the forms. Feel reassured by our choice. Hope she'll yet pass the tests. And are conscious that this is another rite of passage in parenting, premature in our case, but which I'd guess most go through. Preparing as best you can. Trying to do the best you can in the situation in which you find yourself. Being clear that the child knows, whatever happens, you are there for them. Rehearsing scenarios, together. And then, tearfully, fearfully, standing back, and letting them take control.\""
"3401" "\"Have an awesome weekend!\""
"3402" "\"Not the healthiest, but tasty - Opion 1: Add 1 cup shredded produce (carrots, zucchini, apples) to 1 box vanilla or chocolate cake mix. Add the oil and eggs and cook as directed.\""
"3403" "\"The other reason I mention this is that there's a super cool documentary about these boys and their world called American Artifact, the Rise of American Rock Poster Art, where you can see clips and interviews and stories with these artists. There's going to be two screenings and Q&As at the Roxie Theatre at the end of the month, so if you find this interesting, you should go.\""
"3404" "\"At the heart of Rio Conchos lies revenge – there’s essentially no nobility on show, nor very much in the way of finer feelings of any kind. The main character is Lassiter (Richard Boone), a former confederate Major who’s almost totally consumed with a killing rage sparked by the torture and murder of his wife and child by the Apache. This man hunts down and disposes of his enemy with a ruthless precision. The opening shots are of Lassiter calmly massacring an Apache burial party, before heading back to the ruins of his former home to get drunk amid the personal and physical devastation. He would appear content to spend the remainder of his existence extracting his pound of flesh every time the opportunity arose. But that’s not to be, as he finds himself coerced into participating in an army plan to recover a shipment of stolen rifles thought to be over the border in Mexico and soon to be sold to an eager Apache warlord, Bloodshirt (Rodolfo Acosta). Lassiter’s motivation, apart from a desire to get out of the army guardhouse, is the chance to even his personal score with Bloodshirt and he has no particular sympathy for the two cavalrymen, Captain Haven (Stuart Whitman) and Sergeant Franklyn (Jim Brown), that he’s guiding. Haven’s on a mission of vengeance too, being the man in charge of the original arms shipment that’s gone missing. His quest may be dressed up in the guise of duty, but there’s no hiding the fact that he too is seeking some form of recompense for the slight to his reputation. The party is completed by a Mexican rogue, Rodriguez (Tony Franciosa), whose involvement is quite simple: he’s out to avoid the hangman’s rope and hopefully line his pockets in the process. In the more traditional scenario, this ill-assorted group bound together by a common objective would include at least one member driven by some higher moral sense. Not in this case though; all (with the possible exception of the cipher-like Franklyn) are pandering to their own base instincts. Everything builds towards a surreal climax on the banks of the titular river, where a demented Colonel (Edmond O’Brien) twisted by the bitterness of defeat in the Civil War plots merciless retribution for his conquerors.\""
"3405" "\"“Yeah but we still don’t have Jackson’s shooter,” Jeremy reminded him. “And without any clues or proof, we can’t prove the syndicate is behind his death.”\""
"3406" "\"Bonds appear to be uptrending but gained only 0.1% on the week.\""
"3407" "\"Most of my friends agree that Biffy lost their way after Infinity Land but they still say some of the Puzzle b-sides are good. I'm not denying that but to make things easy I prefer to draw a nice, neat line between the two time periods. Everything before and including Infinity Land falls into the category of Biffy Clyro. One of the finest bands of the time. Puzzle and onwards are The Biff. A shitty, money grubbing band who pump out songs like Mountains for maximum profit.\""
"3408" "\"Through that doorway you can catch a glimpse of...\""
"3409" "\"At Balfour House, the man in the beaver hat, lantern in hand, climbs the stairs to the secret room where the bat-woman hovers near the ceiling. Come down, he says, all is ready; she is on her way.\""
"3410" "\"Easter is a time of joy\""
"3411" "\"To Learn More About My School:\""
"3412" "\"“Looks like it’s time to rinse her off,” Andy said and with that the girls each grabbed Olivia under the arms and Andy grabbed her by the butt and they hoisted her up with her legs in the air with her soapy mound nearly eye level directly under the stream of cool water. Olivia shut her eyes and let out a moan as the cool water hit her clit. Andy moved her right hand up to Olivia’s pussy and slowly inserted first one, then two and finally three fingers, vigorously working the girl into a frenzy. The water was rushing over her body and with her butt aimed high in the air the soapy water was rolling down past her rounded breasts and streaming down her long black hair. With her head tilted back her hair nearly touched the floor as the soapy water dripped off it forming a slippery puddle on the tile floor. The girls continued to soap and fondle each other in the shower for some time enjoying the feeling of the water rushing over their bodies. After it was over they took turns toweling each other off accompanied by lots of giggling and caressing. After a bit of playful towel snapping and long kisses they helped each other get dressed and headed off to the dayroom.\""
"3413" "\"The ‘How’ we achieve that is up to each and every one of us who choose to take up the fight on behalf of animals. There is no right way or wrong way. As long as it doesn’t harm animals, humans or the environment, how can a tactic or method be not-vegan.\""
"3414" "\"As a verb, project means to extend outwards beyond something else. A dream remains a dream until it is projected into reality.\""
"3415" "\"7. Lisa Lutz \\"Curse of the Spellmans\\"\""
"3416" "\"Voila! I bought 6”x9” tumbled pavers and broke them in half (chisel and hammer) to be 6”x4.5”. This way I got a running foot of brick edging for $1.05. It matches fairly closely the edging that it joined. There’s still a length of squirrel-chewed plastic “stone” edging, but another trip to Lowe’s will take of that. The rose in the new center bed is ‘Souv de la Malmaison’, and ‘Arcadia Louisiana Tea’ is at the right with more leaves than the last time you saw her and a few flower buds, too. I’m thinking about pairing SdlM with ‘Polonaise’, a red Buck shrub rose that should fit well at the other end of the bed. A coneflower there, too, but there should be plenty of room to ring the bed with daylilies.\""
"3417" "\"BA: My goal was to be published before my son learns to read. He’s so young, but as smart as he is, it happened just in time. Now, my dream is that my books will unlock something hidden inside each reader: dreams, potential, feelings of self-worth, or memories depending on the story. I want my\""
"3418" "\"I was nominated by the presumably lovely and unquestionably talented Emma of In Other Words . Thanks Emma – I’m not worthy of your praise. While I appreciate the award, it’s made writing even more challenging than it already was. It’s always been a bit daunting to hit the “Publish” button on a piece. With my award, I now have to ask myself,\""
"3419" "\"When they had done so, they caught such a large number of fish that their nets began to break.\""
"3420" "\"Another element of the big idea was how it could be marketed to students and staff, which involved using core students at institutions to spread the word to their friends via ‘personalised’ flyers. The details don’t matter now, but there were some good marketing ideas.\""
"3421" "\"Jason Heyward - another Brave! +2 pts\""
"3422" "\"While talking to Tracey, it suddenly donned on me that if Logan did require medical attention,\""
"3423" "\"Ravana asked Brahma and Siva for boons.\""
"3424" "\"Watch the skies. The Plejarans and Arcturians are planning a mass sighting and broad telepathic message to those who open to “hearing.”\""
"3425" "\"I sanded until my hand went numb, but this stuff had really seeped into the grain (it's oak veneer, for those of you wondering).\""
"3426" "\"I have also been thinking about the important psychological shift that this implies. If we are in a crisis that the economists, big businesses, investors, bankers, politicians and government are going to resolve and bring us out of, then we are waiting for others to resolve our personal woes. We make others responsible for us finding a job; for us being able to obtain or maintain a home, whether renting or buying one; for us to lack the fear to start or invest in something new. However if we stop using the word crisis and accept that this is the new reality and realize that these are the new times and circumstances that are ours to live, then all of a sudden the responsibility to move forward in life is our own.\""
"3427" "\"I'm still taking things a bit easy on the beer front at the moment, but the pints of Gadd's No7 and RTW Spa Helles I had were both excellent. Most of my CAMRA colleagues departed just before 2pm in order to catch the bus over to Edenbridge, where another presentation was due to take place; the town's Old Eden Inn being the other joint runner-up in our Pub of the Year contest.\""
"3428" "\"Kathryn Hahn’s few scenes are possibly her most erotic & funny scenes ever. Her comedic lust was inspiring. “I want to roll you up in a little ball and keep you in my vagina.” Haha.\""
"3429" "\"You ask me for a contribution\""
"3430" "\"L.A. CONFIDENTIAL (Curtis Hanson, Arnon Milchan and Michael G. Nathanson, producers)\""
"3431" "\"He has unlimited “saves” and already chose to use one on you, giving you another chance. Will you accept it? Will you look into His eyes on the days you feel lower than dirt and know deep in your heart that you are worthwhile, valued, and loved? I hope so.\""
"3432" "\"E' interessante leggere il suo profilo, e vedere come lei sia arrivata ad aprire un blog.\""
"3433" "\"They have high editorial standards and their editors even fact check each article they produce. And, unlike some \\"content mills,\\" Demand doesn't accept every writer who applies. That's probably why they don't consider themselves a content mill.\""
"3434" "\"AWP: What was your most memorable meal to date?\""
"3435" "\"I had some leftover ground chicken and needed a good recipe to use it up. In general, I'm not a huge fan of chicken burgers. I feel like they have a funny taste that turkey burgers or regular burgers just don't share.\""
"3436" "\"Leaves - fresh meadow, soft green\""
"3437" "\"This paint sands and chips SOOOO beautifully...and it dries so quickly that you can do that literally within minutes of the paint being applied!\""
"3438" "\"I'm a huge fan of the PBS series Downton Abbey, and I am so happy this third season will be taking place in the 1920s. Maybe it will reignite the popularity of this era. What do you think? Would you read a book set in the 1920s? What's your favorite era in history?\""
"3439" "\"And so it was that on their way out of town on Friday afternoon they happened to hear a story about the extraordinary efforts to rebuild and reopen the damaged section of the Pentagon within a year after the attacks. In the middle of the story, which featured Walker Lee Evey, a modest, genial-sounding fellow who managed the reconstruction project, they glanced out the car window and realized they were driving past -- the Pentagon. They marveled at that weird bit of synchronicity and went on their way. On the return trip Sunday evening, they listened to a selection of StoryCorps' 9/11 tributes and recollections. The stories are captivating, of course, recording with gut-wrenching specificity the individuality of lives lost and survivors struggling to carry on. They listened intently to one particularly powerful account by Beverly Eckert, whose husband Sean Rooney spoke to her for more than 30 minutes from the 105th floor of the World Trade Center until the collapse of the building cut off the call and his life. As Eckert's narrative ended, the dulcet-voiced reporter picked up the story -- with the tragic update that Eckert, who became a prominent advocate for those affected by the attacks, was killed in a plane crash in 2009 while flying to an event to honor her late husband. Both Moms gasped as they took in that painful detail, and as they struggled to absorb it the car rounded a curve -- and there again, across several ribbons of highway and in the soft light of a sweet late-summer evening, was the Pentagon.\""
"3440" "\"That's fine by me. Her mysteries are mesmorizing and her sense of period and detail so acute that one is pulled into another world.\""
"3441" "\"The staff of Instagram is extremely pleased with the offer to join Facebook and surely they will want to keep their same users of Instagram despite this change. People are frantically trying to delete their Instagram account and are expressing their fears of changes that Facebook will make to it. It seems, however, that these fears are just that and actually, no changes will be made. If anything, Instagram will only become better, not ruined.\""
"3442" "\"Flesh, bone, there is nothing there----\""
"3443" "\"Well, that Sunday Albert was home, they had a hot gammon,\""
"3444" "\"I sit and write this as you live out your day… You don’t realise that I am drawing you to me…\""
"3445" "\"For the rest of the card I used:\""
"3446" "\"From some Ravaillac and a bit of Nonotte\""
"3447" "\"Sounds pretty easy to me.\""
"3448" "\"But hey, I've got to hand it to Alder Brook for putting on a good post-race show, with some tasty rice and beans on hand and a reggae singer so cool, polished and smooth, he could probably turn a Megadeath cover into a feel-good song you could grove to. And since my wife Linda and I wanted to help a race sponsor out and we liked Alderbrook's wines, we picked up three bottles the day before the race with our race packets. (I must admit to having an alter-ego that likes a good glass of wine from time to time.)\""
"3449" "\"“I could see that Isabel listened to him with growing exasperation. Larry had no notion that he was driving a dagger in her heart and with his every detached word twisting it in the wound. But when she spoke it was with a faint smile on her lips.”\""
"3450" "\"Reminded me of an incident in India, one guy was travelling for first time to US and the other-recent onsite return guy told him that air hostess are \\"waitress in air\\" so everytime they offer juice, he was supposed to offer tips.\""
"3451" "\"When he actually sat up and started to look around--for something to get into, no doubt--that's when I said, \\"Are you awake and want to play?\\" and after I asked about where he should go to play, he heads off to his room. I fell back asleep.\""
"3452" "\"Most people think that being girly means pink, means princess, means sweet and kind and nurturing and demure and ruffles and sparkles and playing house. Most people think that being boyish means blue and construction vehicles and being aggressive and physical and emotionless and tools and dinosaurs and being rough. And for some kids, that might be true - see my note about biological differences. But all girls and all boys cannot possibly fall into those boxes. The differences between individuals is VASTLY greater than the differences between genders. And trying to put all of the members of one gender into the same pink or blue box with limited options is stifling and damaging.\""
"3453" "\"Other U.S. restaurants to place in the top 50 include: Le Bernardin in New York (No. 19), Daniel Boulud’s Daniel in New York (No. 25), David Chang’s Momofuku Ssam Bar in New York (No. 37), Keller’s The French Laundry in Yountville, Calif. (No. 43), and David Kinch’s Manresa in Los Gatos, Calif. (No. 48).\""
"3454" "\"Some background on co-ed higher education:\""
"3455" "\"I missed the bus as it stopped operating at 7pm. So decided to take a metro back. again reached home at about 10pm or so and my nephew complained why I always came back late...\""
"3456" "\"I really enjoy myself every year and next Saturday, I’m planning to go to the Grand Palais for the Odilon Redon exhibition and for Monumenta 2011 (with guest Anish Kapoor). And if I have some time left, I’ll go to the Musée du Luxembourg, where I’ve never been before, for the “Cranach and his time” exhibition.\""
"3457" "\"The trailer sheds no light on why Bane wages war against Gotham, but reportedly Bane is working in league with Ra’s al Ghul, played with such Zen-like menace by Liam Neeson in Batman Begins. The good news is that Tom Hardy’s garbled voice that freaked everyone out after the second trailer has been cleared up and sounds pretty cool.\""
"3458" "\"Come to think of it, that is probably how it got me started to host parties as I grew older. I found a lot of joy sharing my cooking and baking with my family and friends too. The best part is hearing them go ''ohhhh... oooOOooo..yuummmmmmmmMMmm\\".\""
"3459" "\"We must rediscover the power of ridicule, the lampoon brought down the Bourbon kings and the Romanov tzars. In our own time, mockery became Sarah Palin's greatest liability, but it, could have done the same to Obama had the Right known how to deploy it, sadly we didn't.\""
"3460" "\"A huge Thank You to everyone who took the time to write to us- we are humbled and honored.\""
"3461" "\"Unable to access twitter & facebook has been the worst part of the imposed internet silence. I realise that I get most of my news from twitter, from trusted 'sources' whose links I follow - and although I could occasionally access twitter on my 'phone I could not open the links - bah humbug! Facebook silence has meant I could not follow the progress of a poorly relative plus I have been down on both my home gossip and - along with the loss of twitter - my political campaigning!\""
"3462" "\"What else? I’ve watched Game of Thrones. Just keeps getting better. I wish someone would kill Joffrey, that little sadist annoys me greatly but I have a feeling he won’t be punished anytime soon.\""
"3463" "\"4. I have proved that despite good intentions, left to my own devices I am completely incapable of going to bed at a sensible time and can be found most solitary evenings pottering round the house past midnight like an aging Bridget Jones, clasping book and tub of ice cream.\""
"3464" "\"The Bizkit finally got back with Wes Borland and made an album in the same vein as Chocalate Starfish And The Hot Dog Flavored Water, but by that point the backlash had set in so thoroughly that they sold about 3% as much the first week as they had 11 years earlier. I kind of have to give them credit for staying true to their sound, though (and really, I never had a problem with that stupid, ugly, joyous sound). This concludes the white rapper trilogy portion of the list.\""
"3465" "\"We never thought this day would come, but Jessica Simpson finally gave birth to a baby girl May 1 in Los Angeles. Named Maxwell Drew Johnson, whose middle name came courtesy of Jessica’s mom Tina Simpson, the new arrival weight in at 9 lbs., 13 oz.\""
"3466" "\"of humming fluorescence, bursting vessels\""
"3467" "\"Ultimately, the stereotypical trap that AVATAR not only doesn’t fall into but outright rejects is the “vanishing Indian” myth. In the typical “white man makes a better Indian than the Indians do” story, whatever victory is accomplished by the white man’s cultural shift is soaked in sorrow because we know how it all ends – it’s a victory in battle but not in war.\""
"3468" "\"Keeping up with music trends isn’t always pleasant business. Sometimes all you hear is garbage, every once in a while something truly great comes along. But mostly you may hear a glimpse of something great, however it’s masked, drowned and buried in excessive and purposeful repetition, over-use of bass or a certain, specific sound. Yes, I’m talking to you Dubstep. So why bother you may ask?\""
"3469" "\"The group had planned to enter the United States at San Diego, Calif.\""
"3470" "\"16 minute AMRAP:\""
"3471" "\"Firstly the monocoques design and manufacture is covered, with images of the tubs moulds being laid up and CAD images of the RB4 (2008) chassis and its fuel tank location. Although little is made of the fuel tank design.\""
"3472" "\"For your weekly Sunday Surprise I present Free Rice - an excellent and free way to practice vocabulary while donating food to people in need. It does not quite deliver what Ben Franklin meant by his aphorism ”Do well by doing good,” but if you have an SAT or ACT or GRE or other sort of standardized test coming up on which your vocabulary will be tested, it might fit the bill.\""
"3473" "\"Asleep in the Light is a song that should be banned in any church that has sold out with out reaching out. Its a song that should not grace any i-pod unless you want to remain awake in the night wondering what ever happened to that sales man who knocked on your door that you will never see again or that bus driver who took you to work.\""
"3474" "\"I hope this has given you some ideas of which art to choose. Now that you have your portfolio, you have a goal, you have your art, my next post will talk about good habits in maintaining a portfolio.\""
"3475" "\"Reader Gene Fioretti alerted this blog to a Confederate Air Force Special Alert published on 20 April 2012 entitled, FiFi Under Attack from Ohio Congressman. It is about Congressman Michael Turner’s bill amendment which, if passed as currently drafted, would ground FiFi — the only flying B-29. The news alert and plea can be found here.\""
"3476" "\"I don’t care what anyone tells you: sitting at a computer for 8 hours is a major energy drain, particularly when you’re under the weather and a little tired to begin with. By the time I’d left work and walked/rode home (jumping over puddles as I went), I had about enough energy left to eat some string cheese, greek yogurt and vegetable chips (I should clarify, Mike was hanging out with a few guy friends and ate dinner/left before I got home) while watching last night’s episode of Castle followed by Thursday’s Parks and Rec. Eventually I scaled Mount Staircase and have since been sitting in my office catching up on my other love: Studio255 (my freelance stationery company). I cannot thank my clients enough for their patience while I finished up closing on the new house, painted and moved in. Hopefully things will balance out soon so I can keep Studio255 and getting the house in order both moving along nicely – ideally leaving me a few ‘spare’ minutes to get a vegetable garden up and running.\""
"3477" "\"And there I was, finally in a familiar space. I knew how to do this. This was a rhythm I had down, and the only multitasking I had to do was breathing as I pulled myself through the water. At least for this moment, things are indeed getting back to normal.\""
"3478" "\"Downfall symbolises the Manichean view of the case: good versus evil, light versus darkness. According to Downfall, no person who defended Sheridan did so for good reason: they were either stunningly naive or self-serving plotters. Those who testified against him, even those who were paid to do so, were credible, believable even. No middle ground, no shades of grey are even considered.\""
"3479" "\"Finally, rinse and repeat five thousand times. Proliferate franchised, chartered McSchools with each classroom in each McSchool teaching the same thing on the same day in exactly the same way. So, for the math lesson on the formula of a line, you only need develop it once. But you download it in Power Point on the assigned day so the room monitors, i.e., the “teachers,” know what bullets to read. Now repeat this for every lesson in every course in every school, every day. In biology, chemistry, geometry, history, English, Spanish, indeed, all of a K-12 curriculum. Develop the lesson literally once, but distribute and reuse it thousands of times with low-cost proctors doing the supervision. The cost is infinitesimal making the profit potential astronomical.\""
"3480" "\"When I asked the manager about the origins of Bistecca alla Fiorentina and of it being a specific breed of Italian bovine, he shook his head and said that no, he didn’t think so. Damn. I had hoped—just a little.\""
"3481" "\"And into forever,\""
"3482" "\"Once again framed for murder, pursued by the police, and hunted by the Hitcher--who knew there was a remake of The Hitcher BEFORE the remake of The Hitcher? Although there IS an unexpected casting variation about 40 minutes in.\""
"3483" "\"This is what I believe will classify me as a grown-up...\""
"3484" "\"There is no rush to the vast majority of genealogical research. Take your time. Make certain you really do have the same person in place A that you think you have in place B. Ask yourself if that family connection is logical and does that \\"far-fetched\\" tale really make sense. You can also reduce the chance of this sort of mistake by using online trees as clues, not grabbing the first match that appears \\"close,\\" and giving yourself some \\"soak time\\" between making a conclusion and using it to begin more research.\""
"3485" "\"So, let's go ahead and get to today's outfit... These pieces were collected from H&M, Charlotte Russe, Forever 21, and Nordstrom. If you recall, I've not yet included a dress in any of the FFS posts, which is precisely why you're seeing one now :)\""
"3486" "\"Whether in the Temporary or the Permanent search industry meeting a lot of candidates is a critical success factor. Recruiters are sent hundreds of resumes weekly and dig into profiles on a regular basis. The information provided may come in several avenues, both public and private and the information is protected by a legislated privacy act accordingly. In Alberta and British Columbia this is often referred to as FOIPP Act (Freedom of Information and Privacy Protection Act), and is fairly progressive compared to many other regions of Canada.\""
"3487" "\"What can we learn from this first auction?\""
"3488" "\"Another municipal employee, Porfilio Rio Gutierrez, has been working closely with Ruth Mary; and have both been volunteering their spare time to transport the SRTs to isolated villages that need help. Their good spirit and deep ties in these communities has helped SRT volunteers to target the most needy areas surrounding Abancay.\""
"3489" "\"It looks a bit awkward when I slip on the armwarmers, but they keep me warm when my workspace gets chilly.\""
"3490" "\"An interesting trend, I have stumbled upon.\""
"3491" "\"I've had so much fun working with all the greens on these St. Patrick day cards (for those that don't know, it is my favorite colour and pairing it with kraft makes it even more fun). Makes my heart sing -- and be glad it is just my heart that's singing, otherwise it would be a sad, sad, situation LOL! Yes, tin buckets and I get along very well thank you ;)\""
"3492" "\"The Associated Press reports that nearly 450,000 tiny lives could be saved if in the course of labor the mother is provided with a $1 steroid shot that would hasten the development of immature fetal lungs. Other measures that are needed in developing countries include antibiotics and antiseptic cream.\""
"3493" "\"I stood in front of my fabric stash shelf looking for the perfect fabric for two projects I want to get started on, thinking about the qualities that would make said fabric perfect. I looked and looked, searched and searched and then came to a horrifying conclusion: \\"I do not have enough of any suitable fabric for EITHER of the projects!\\" How can this be???? Surely, this is stuff that happens to other people, to strangers, but not to ME!\""
"3494" "\"“Fairy Tail” is the perfect manga for people of all ages – it mixes action, adventure, comedy, and fantasy in a way that keeps you either laughing the characters antics or growling at them for being so darn stupid. It actually happens to be one of my favorite mangas (and now has to be crossed off my ‘M’ Stands for Manga list). The plot follows celestial wizard Lucy who wants to join the Fairy Tail, a guild for the most powerful wizards. But instead, her ambitions land her in the clutches of a gang of unsavory pirates led by a devious magician. Her only hope is Natsu, a strange boy she happens to meet on her travels. Natsu’s not your typical hero – but he just might be Lucy’s best hope. (Taken/paraphrased from Mangafox.com)\""
"3495" "\"It was more like a slow burn than a spark, but I’d say I started working in earnest on the project in June 2009, researching possible science projects and brainstorming plot complications and scenes. I turned in my final draft in February 2011. The book was released in January 2012.\""
"3496" "\"It was a little hard sometimes when you’d either need to stop talking to people as you were going off pace, or you’d have to weave in and out of people to keep pace.\""
"3497" "\"done with the fish and the loaves of bread when I fed the multitudes? Do you not yet see that it is not about what you have to offer… but it’s about what I can do with what you have to offer when you bring it all to Me.\""
"3498" "\"Having my niece fly down for a Taylor Swift concert.\""
"3499" "\"scene: the corner of michigan avenue and pearson st.\""
"3500" "\"I need some colour in my life.\""
"3501" "\"“No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, by long-suffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned;\""
"3502" "\"try to get the perfect effect\""
"3503" "\"\\"An architect,\\" I'd said...\""
"3504" "\"Insert sadz face.\""
"3505" "\"Here's a pair of lobster postcards to whet our appetites for these delectable crustaceans!\""
"3506" "\"Wait, don't answer that.\""
"3507" "\"\\"Here goes nothing.\\" That was my comment before taking off for the Lake Wobegon Trail marathon yesterday morning. I didn't know what the day would have in store for me, as is usually the case before a marathon. 26.2 is a lot of miles and lots of things can happen.\""
"3508" "\"We all get quiet, as quiet as we can,\""
"3509" "\"Self Conscious Over You – The Outcasts\""
"3510" "\"Happy First Day of Spring! :)\""
"3511" "\"Part 6: Electroconvulsive Shock\""
"3512" "\"Four Places You Would Rather Be\""
"3513" "\"But for his notorious trial, the beer once known as “black cork” might be altogether forgotten.\""
"3514" "\"Further reading :\""
"3515" "\"The Sunday Challenge is posted on Saturday at noon CST to allow extra time for the creative process, so please do not link up old work which kind of fits the image. Members will only respond to poetry written specifically for this prompt: this is in the spirit of our Real Toads project to create opportunities for poets to be newly inspired. Management reserves the right to remove unrelated links.\""
"3516" "\"I know we have all seen these blue ftruit jars on blogs for ever seems like but I never get tired of seeing them and they look so good outside on my patio table. This is one of the tall ones, I just paid $2.50 each for them at a sale last couple weeks . I have several I bought back when I lived In Kentucky years ago.\""
"3517" "\"for all twelve of your notecards!\""
"3518" "\"The children almost all volunteered to take part in the oratory at the Rostra next week. You are invited to attend! It will be held in the classroom. Warning: If you are made nervous or queasy by children standing on tables, please bring the appropriate sedatives for yourself. :) Below are the memory lines they chose to recite. You will find the words they're working on in their scrapbooks, or I'm printing them below. They do NOT need to memorize all of the poem in order to participate. Even one line is fine! I told them even one syllable is fine, actually. Encourage the children to recite only what they're really comfortable reciting -- we want this to be a very positive experience, and that means fewer lines is better, if more lines bring anxiety. Look for your child's name in the list below. If you and your child are not sure what you should be working on, please let me know. If your child's name is not on the list, it means they did not want to participate. All participants will receive a special issue \\"Rostra\\" citizenship coin.\""
"3519" "\"'Yes please' was the reply.\""
"3520" "\"Are stamps important to you?\""
"3521" "\"Many moms work jobs, take care of aging parents, run a business,\""
"3522" "\"It’s all about grace, folks—all about Him and what He has already done for us. Out of love and gratitude, may we walk in the good works He has called us to today—not to earn anything but because He has already given us everything.\""
"3523" "\"Today the Venice canals are a very enjoyable walk and you can see some very beautiful and desirable houses.\""
"3524" "\"It's been a while since my last post on the stays. I actually sewed the binding already a long time ago but now I've got two panels of the lining left to sew to the underside of the stays and then I'll be finished. I hope to do it next weekend, if not earlier. Anyhow, I thought I should write a post about IMATEX here because I just noticed it's working again! I don't know if it has been for some time already or if you all have noticed it before but here's a link to the page. It's great the English search actually works as well!\""
"3525" "\"But what does God call us, who are called in 2 Corinthians 5:20 (NKJV) to be “…ambassadors for Christ…”, to do? First of all we are not to get too worked up and be filled with anger. Proverbs 24:17-22 (NKJV) instructs us to “…not rejoice when your enemy falls, And do not let your heart be glad when he stumbles; Lest the Lord see it, and it displease Him, And He turn away His wrath from him. Do not fret because of evildoers, Nor be envious of the wicked; For there will be no prospect for the evil man; The lamp of the wicked will be put out.” God has this guys…He is in control.\""
"3526" "\"1. Mighty Triumphant Return\""
"3527" "\"an answering weight. He’s solid\""
"3528" "\"After Norm MacDonald, arguably the greatest Weekend Update anchor to grace the SNL new desk, was unceremoniously canned by NBC, he spent a few years making movies that range from underrated (Dirty Work) to terrible (Screwed) before being picked up by ABC for three seasons of his own sitcom, Norm. Even with a The Drew Carey Show at the peak of its run as a lead-in, Norm never drew all that much in terms of ratings, a hint that MacDonald’s sensibility was a touch more suited to late night with its inherent weirdness. After Norm we got half a season of the soul-draining A Minute With Stan Hooper, and since 2002 Norm has had little in the way of film and TV parts, only briefly gracing the airwaves for his sporadic but justly legendary appearances on Late Night (and the Tonight Show) with Conan O’Brien and to deliver five minutes of brilliant anti-comedy at the Comedy Central Roast of his Dirty Work director Bob Saget.\""
"3529" "\"dressing, breakfast and errands accomplished, we were leaving town, and I see a thrift store displaying a magenta jacket with an orange tunic and bright orange scarf. Obviously, we had to stop. As I was drooling over all of the other cool things in the store, my partner LightFoot called out “Woosi Hat!” That man knows me well!\""
"3530" "\"“You can have all the symposiums you want, but why don’t they open a constructive debate? The Church is too closed in on itself,” Roberto Mirabile, the head of La Caramella Buona, an Italian victims’ group, told AFP.\""
"3531" "\"So how does our gunk get removed so Jesus' light is seen through us?\""
"3532" "\"So with this mind I have created a scene that represents a young lady's reflection to her past years and innocence. The stylish young lady is the present and the child is the innocent past.\""
"3533" "\"I said: \\"He's at school\\"\""
"3534" "\"Why are MMOs increasing in Demand?\""
"3535" "\"6:27 - Chuck Goldstone\""
"3536" "\"Last to perform was Jermaine Riley …\""
"3537" "\"I recently read someone’s draft novel: over 107,000 words without a single typo. That's an amazing achievement for a writer working alone, with no proof-reading help. It was a highly polished piece of writing. What he had missed were the serious structural issues and that there was far too much interior monologue.\""
"3538" "\"The Go Bag was once defined for me by a former spook-turned-instructor in my formative years of Executive Protection as a professionals personal kit that combines daily use along with contents that may only see use during selected occurrences. This rings true for the SOF Operator, the Patrol Officer, the IT guy, right on down to yours truly. If there is one piece of worth while advice I have learned over the years and it may sound stupid don't pack for comfort, pack for use.\""
"3539" "\"Applications are now available for the two certification classes on Jan. 22 & 23rd at the Anaheim Marriott, across from the CHA Convention. If you need an application please e-mail nancy@copicmarker.com\""
"3540" "\"Carla Mozee – MarketWatch, 04/09/2012\""
"3541" "\"And then there were nine and eight and ….\""
"3542" "\"I’ve had so much fun doing book challenges this year that I’ve decided to make my own! Unlike most challenges, which run for a calendar year, I’m going to do mine for just the summer. I wanted to start with something short to see how much interest it got, and we'll go from there! Plus, I know a lot of my readers are students or teachers, so summer is the optimal time for you to get lots of reading done. :)\""
"3543" "\"Nesselrode Pudding\""
"3544" "\"Must be reasonably, easily-available. To me, that means that I have a reliable way to contact you & you respond within a day or 2 on average, even if it is to let me know you can’t do something! The important traits I am looking for are dependability & a laid-back attitude.\""
"3545" "\"As others saw — I could not bring\""
"3546" "\"Blessed Maria Gabriella Sagghedu, a Cistercian nun of Grottaferrata in Italy, died on April 23rd in 1939. Pope John Paul II beatified her in 1983. In his encyclical on Christian Unity, Ut Unum Sint, he presented her again to the whole Church as a model of “the total and unconditional offering of one’s life to the Father, through the Son, in the Holy Spirit.”\""
"3547" "\"Ink: Versafine Smokey Grey, Versamark (for embossing)\""
"3548" "\"In the Tang dynasty (618 AD – 907 AD), tea leaves were steamed, pressed into brick form and let dry for easy storage. Brick tea was spread to Japan during this time by Buddhist monks. In modern times, only certain Pu-erh tea is processed using this method. During the Song dynasty (920 AD – 1279 AD), the Chinese started to process tea leaves in loose form as it is considered a better way to store refined tea leaves. Even to this day, loose form is still the preferred way of processing tea throughout the world.\""
"3549" "\"4. Energy cycles back and forth between my partner and myself when we are relaxed and connected and feeling the music. Kind of like sex, but actually less complex because the dance is a container for the energy without the machinations of romance, emotion and reflection clouding it up. I can totally see how partners can become infatuated (or furious) with one another during a tanda. A little example: in the beginning, tango was very challenging for B, and he was struggling and working really hard to get it right, after a few months of this, during practica one evening he finally really let go of thinking and just danced to the music, and I felt a huge shift and a wave of energy flowed from him into me. And I was like \\"wow!!--what happened?\\" and he answered, \\"I just said 'screw it!' and let go of trying to do it right and just grooved\\". We were only at the point of walking and doing the basic, but after this we took it to another level, and really started to have fun.\""
"3550" "\"I was laid off the following week. Stunned, but ultimately, grateful. The scripture “Do not cast your pearls before swine,” came to mind.\""
"3551" "\"A little giveaway this week to get us back into the swing of things after the spring holidays.\""
"3552" "\"I had this chocolate mousse cake at 9:30 am during brunch. It was 12:30 in the East Coast. That’s a perfectly acceptable time to eat chocolate mousse cake.\""
"3553" "\"Julia-Levy will produce and also narrate the film; he compares the approach to the one Werner Herzog used in “Cave of Forgotten Dreams.”\""
"3554" "\"Ash Wednesday is almost upon me. The first day of Lent. A day to begin forty days of fasting. What for? What is the purpose of this? Self-deprivation. It's no fun. I face Lent each year with a kind of dread. Why do this to myself?\""
"3555" "\"My hip is still a bit sore, but it is certainly feeling better as of late.\""
"3556" "\"Cain was not a mythical character, as we are so often told -- he was a real live figure, just like all the other ancient biblical figures. Cain was the first high priest of Bel (aka Baal), hence we get Cainbel or Cannibal (Afrikaans: Kannibaal) – that’s right folks, eaters of human flesh! Cain was in all probabilty the historical King Sargon of Babylon, as suggested by a well documented book called “Sargon The Magnificent”, written in 1927 by Mrs Sydney Bristowe.\""
"3557" "\"But they would forgive her, eventually. They’d all be found innocent, eventually. And she’d be beautiful forever.\""
"3558" "\"October 28, 2006 Clip No. 1308\""
"3559" "\"The Highclere Castle, located in Newbury England, has been home to the Carnarvon family since the 17th century. The current castle which was used for Downton Abbey, was designed by Sir Charles Barry in 1842. Barry also designed the Houses of Parliament in Westminster. The Castle is classic Gothic Revival which had its zenith in popularity in the mid-19th century.\""
"3560" "\"It was the second time this year that the unit has raided CJ’s, witnesses say. They said the first time police threw teargas into the club and then hit, slapped and kicked ¬patrons.\""
"3561" "\"At first I denied it because I didn’t want to look ridiculous and it seemed completely out of character. But $2,000 for one day of work? Hell, I was in! I had about two months of additional training time before the infomercial shoot date, so I decided to kick my training and diet into full gear. I ate only lean meats, eggs and vegetables four times a day. I exercised six days a week and often did double days. I would lift weights for an hour in the afternoon and then swim for 30 minutes after weight training. I dropped down to just under 6% body fat, and it looked awesome! However, I found myself getting weaker and weaker athletically speaking as my roadmap to getting ripped progressed. I was basically on a bodybuilder’s diet, which was pretty much all protein and little-to-no carbohydrates. I found myself lifting less and less weight and being fatigued more quickly in the pool as my body fat dropped.\""
"3562" "\"I know I know…get to the challenge right? LOL….Well, hopefully we have all pondered quitting our jobs, and doing what we love, from last week’s Take This Job… We are all hopefully balancing our ability to Say Yes to Saying No, and with any luck we have gone optimistically into Unleashing Our Inner Moxie. Now if we have been doing all of those things, finding our Unique Talent should be easy! I quite optimistically believed that by the end of this post, most of us wouldn’t need a challenge; we will have already figured it out! So what’s your unique talent? hmmmm?\""
"3563" "\"Fabric to Cover Headboard (I used a stretchy-canvas type fabric)\""
"3564" "\"That's the \\"shrinking:\\" The city's populated footprint, the area that street crews, utility crews and police officers and firefighters must service, would shrink. Flint would save money, and the land would be open and ready for whatever development the future would bring.\""
"3565" "\"But this week, surrounded by cardboard boxes holding \\" stuff\\" ,chairs full of heaps of more \\"stuff\\" ,and loads of other \\"stuff\\" on the floor , in my workroom, I decided I needed a cupboard fast.\""
"3566" "\"“Will, I don’t mean to intrude, but could you please keep your pants zipped?” Hah! So Diane didn’t actually take back the job offer to Callie because she’s dating Will, right? Callie is the one who decided to take another job because it was a better offer. I wonder though how much Will’s obvious discomfort at the thought of them working in the same firm influences her decision. I actually like the Will-Callie pairing, Callie seems like a grown-up, albeit one with a baggage (her past cocaine addiction), unlike Will’s other relationships.\""
"3567" "\"You see, the photos are actually those of a 1/6 scale model that the photographer, Carrie Becker built and photographed. She calls the series \\"Barbie Trashes Her Dream House\\" and describes it as a \\"more current view of Barbie's lifestyle.\\"\""
"3568" "\"Personification: Peace It is my hope that the word, “Shalom”, which means peace, that Jesus said to his Apostles, when he was resurrected from the dead will flow through me to everyone that does not know the fullness of truth that is revealed through the church.\""
"3569" "\"It's Jonah Hex, older and all scarred up, but still Jonah Hex. Barstow panicks and starts to leave town, but then has a better idea. He decides to see if Jonah is just passing through and not looking to settle a score from 15 years ago. Barstow sends a telegram to Rod Webster to see if he can get some help.\""
"3570" "\"Anyway, inaccurate meteorological similes notwithstanding, I used to think the hardest part of the job must be pretending to get all excited over the next episode of some hastily cobbled together art programme where a bloke tries to craft a crown out of twigs without making a four-year-old look like Jesus, when in reality you've just split up with your other half, have a tequila hangover and feel grumpier than a hippo with hemorrhoids.\""
"3571" "\"My first little project was a snowman. First of all I must mention the fabulous Ann Pickard who is often on Create and Craft. All of these designs are hers and I have tried to follow her instructions in order to make these little Christmas cuties....practice makes perfect I guess! So I used her techniques of making cones for body and arms and then a double cone so that his nose didn't fall out and just a disc for his scarf to keep it simple. I would ideally like to have done a different colour but was messing around with orange, black and white so just kept with that for the majority if what I made. What do you think? Honest opinions please....any tips anyone can give me would be gratefully received!\""
"3572" "\"Sept 7! Where did the summer go? We had a lovely one here in the North East, especially compared the the last couple summers before when we had so much rain! The local business's really needed a great summer.\""
"3573" "\"Though you don’t have to see the other Marvel films to enjoy The Avengers, it does help. But don’t be afraid to dive right in even if you haven’t. The filmmakers do a very good job establishing the world and characters at the start. Needless to say, after watching The Avengers, comic book fans will be over the moon. Speaking as one, I never thought I would see this movie and now that I have I can’t wait to see it again and again and again.\""
"3574" "\"Epicurus also said:\""
"3575" "\"This will be my last post about Paula Deen. She’s firmly committed to defending her brand and sweeping that ratings-lowering diabetes stuff under the rug–or at least relegating it to a bland website. I’m upset Novo Nordisk uses her as a spokesperson. Ms. Deen is modeling a lifestyle that far too many people already follow–take the prescribed pills and don’t worry about changing your lifestyle. But maybe that works out well for Novo Nordisk too. There’s a bright future for Victoza sales.\""
"3576" "\"When she came to, her head was pounding. She couldn’t remember what she’d been doing or where she’d been, but it felt as though she’d been out on a bender. Flat on her back, she tried to roll over onto her side. But couldn’t. Through burning eyes her focus began to clear. Bile rose in her gut as the vision of herself lying naked, prostrate and bound slammed fear into every one of her senses. All she could move was her head. She stared about, frantic. And then she found her voice.\""
"3577" "\"There were ten judges at the trial of Galileo. They were all Cardinals. One was the Pope’s brother and another his nephew. The trial was conducted by the Inquisition. Galileo did not have a copy of the charges against him or the evidence; the rules were not that of a court, but formalised in 1588 to judge ‘against heretical depravity throughout the whole Christian Commonwealth’.\""
"3578" "\"Going to the USPS site, I found this warning. In short, it says to NOT open these emails as unwanted viruses will attack and possibly steal information. Delete the email and everything will be fine.\""
"3579" "\"Andrew Mitchell, Secretary of State for International Development, said: “CAFOD is working to improve water access, sanitation and hygiene for some of the world’s most vulnerable and neglected people, including those affected by war, climate change and disease. It is potentially life saving work, tackling cholera, helping girls attend school rather than having to fetch water and ensuring that children know about hygiene and waterborne diseases.\""
"3580" "\"The stone walls of my patio were built in the 1950's-1960's by my grand parents. They would take their vacations and travel around the western United States. They brought back rocks from all of the states they went to. I just wish I knew which ones came from where.\""
"3581" "\"Checked on the basement. Down to about six inches left. I managed to run a power cord to the fridge for the time being so the food in the freezer is safe. I suppose I could light stove with a match for cooking but I'm eating things that require no cooking for the now. We may need the propane later so I'll get by with peanut butter on a roll. As long as we have the Generator there doesn't seem to be a rush.\""
"3582" "\"Business ethics can be examined from various perspectives, including the perspective of the employee, the commercial enterprise, and society as a whole. Very often, situations arise in which there is conflict between one and more of the parties, such that serving the interest of one party is a detriment to the other(s). For example, a particular outcome might be good for the employee, whereas, it would be bad for the company, society, or vice versa. Some ethicists see the principal role of ethics as the harmonization and reconciliation of conflicting interests.\""
"3583" "\"Many of you may be familiar with the “TED” concept and spirit. But for those of you who aren’t, do not be alarmed.\""
"3584" "\"What they don’t realise though is that dozens more meteorites have fallen to the earth under the cloak of all the fireworks going off, and the aliens in these ones are far bigger, far more dangerous and are coming after them specifically.\""
"3585" "\"How About Orange always has tons of great ideas and I usually stop here first when I am blog hopping.This trash bag decorating idea just blew me away. I love cheap and I love easy....and well that sounds odd because I am not either.....well haha maybe I am after all. But I have to admit this idea looks great and I will give it a try for the party. We are going to set up a haunted path though a little wooded area for the little ones,so I may use white trash bags so they will show up. After all it really wouldn't be Halloween if we adults can't scare the kids a little bit.....I'm just kidding....or am I? Mooohahaha!!\""
"3586" "\"4 induced\""
"3587" "\"According to ISRI, recycling one ton of steel conserves 2,500 lbs. of iron ore, 1,400 lbs. of coal and 120 lbs. of limestone, and the energy saved using recycled materials versus virgin materials is up to 58 percent for iron and steel, 92 percent for aluminum and 90 percent for copper. If the ferrous scrap that is recycled in the United States were put into rail cars, the train would stretch 11,349 miles, nearly halfway around the world.\""
"3588" "\"I closed my eyes and felt the energy of the tree trunk. I looked up to the branches high above. The energy for those branches was completely different. It was light, airy, full of life. The branches were embracing life, welcoming the warm sun and all that Heaven had to offer. The tree was smiling. I wondered why the tree was so different at the top.\""
"3589" "\"The Studio 490/Wendy Vecchi stamps that I've used are,\""
"3590" "\"Don’t be afraid to let your emotions show with Me\""
"3591" "\"I hope that your all able to stay cool this summer, and that you slow down and enjoy your favorite drinks with your family. These are some of my favorite options. I'd love to hear about your favorites as well.\""
"3592" "\"Prabhupada: He manufactured his idea. Therefore he’s a rascal. Therefore he’s a rascal. Nitai has become an authority?\""
"3593" "\"Well, not really. It is probably the worst kept secret in the beer world of late that the enfant terribles of their own 'craft' beer world, BrewDog were eager, some might say desperate, to clinch a deal with Camra to have some sort of presence at the festival.\""
"3594" "\"Silbergeld EK. Lead in bone: implications for toxicology during pregnancy and lactation. Environ Health Perspect 1991; 91: 63-70.\""
"3595" "\"But being a shrewd old sociopath, Rupert Murdoch knows that this will simply make his negotiations with BSkyB shareholders even more of an uphill struggle. Reports from Slog sources are suggesting the 61% majority owners want £11 a share at least. Newscorp’s initial offer was £8. That’s a big difference: where is the Old Boy going to find 38% more cash?\""
"3596" "\"Para realizar esta tarjeta debes primero colocar en la base\""
"3597" "\"Hope everyone is having a good weekend.\""
"3598" "\"I want to be a part of the solution to whatever problem God leads me towards and places me in the middle of. I don’t want to be just another complication. And I don’t want to be that person that we all hate to see coming: who runs their mouth but never bothers to move their body to help out. I hope at the end of my life that I am a builder and not just a critic.\""
"3599" "\"What are the chances??? Probably slim to none - - - but it made me pause to think anyway.\""
"3600" "\"So join me this week as I dig into Rumors Of Water by LL Barkat. I hope that you'll be as inspired by these quotes as I was! The first quote is coming up tomorrow!\""
"3601" "\"Please feel free to share your own insights, comments and suggestions for others on this common type of clutter or how you regularly reach for a feeling of relief!\""
"3602" "\"Well, that’s all for now!\""
"3603" "\"I wasn’t doing research on cancer, but on a subject that came to me this morning as I was waking up. Anyway I found this, and thought it was so important, I wanted to share it with you, so you can share it with those you love.\""
"3604" "\"05-10 Seattle, WA – Showbox Market\""
"3605" "\"The next thing you know, Smed is sending you the last 1993 Donruss Dodger that you need. It's one that you didn't know was part of the team set because Seanez is listed as a Colorado Rockie in the checklists. Which made you think, \\"Oh crap, I have to admit I need 1993 Donruss.\\"\""
"3606" "\"Israel is a false Israel? Oh? Then Jacob was a false heir who stole the birthright.\""
"3607" "\"Losing to UMBC 71-67 on January 17 was the nadir for Holland, the frustration of which contributed to his game-high 24 points in the team’s mid-February 85-53 drubbing of the Retrievers.\""
"3608" "\"From what I have been told by a friend, the movie stays pretty close to the books. So, if you like the books, by all means go see the movie. If you haven’t, I think there are better movies out there.\""
"3609" "\"I chose to write Michael because I wanted to explore how it felt to live through a situation without resolution. At the time, someone I knew was fighting cancer, a life of illness, treatment, remission, illness, treatment, remission, then illness again. I also knew someone who had suffered severe brain damage. In both cases, these were people I cared about, but both of them were loved by people I loved. In both cases, it was wrong to give up hope, but in some ways hope was more difficult than acceptance. Since I didn't want to write anything too specifically about these people, I chose to explore the dilemma by writing about a missing person.\""
"3610" "\"“Wohlstetter’s triumphs with the basing study and fail-safe not only earned him the respect and admiration of fellow analysts at RAND but also gained him entry to the top strata of government that very few military analysts enjoyed. His work had pointed out a fatal deficiency in the nation’s war plans, and he had saved the Air Force several billion dollars in potential losses.”\""
"3611" "\"3. Depression and self injury. I'm almost not sure that I \\"should\\" be writing about this, since although I've dealt with some depression in the past (not clinical depression, simply spending days on end in my room feeling extremely hopeless, useless, and depressed), I've never cut (or burned, or anything else). However, many of my friends have at one point or another. I've also done actual, search for stats and read mental health websites, research into self injury, since I very much wanted to be supportive to those who were dealing with it, and wanted to understand why.\""
"3612" "\"E.L.F. Studio Line Blushes in Pink Passion and Gotta Glow\""
"3613" "\"½-1 cup strawberries, halved or sliced\""
"3614" "\"I would just LOVE to find out what this Inochi thing is all about. Does anyone with a stouter heart than mine know what the ever-lovin' hell this is all about? Anybody? At all? Hello? Let me know; I have to attend my anti-Inochi therapy session with that ball-peen hammer over there.\""
"3615" "\"It a quiet town and I am loving the food after the scary cow boat food, there is loads of chinese and juanes typical food from the jungle, what I am struggling with is the fact that the only coffee I can get is nescafe.\""
"3616" "\"They Are Commitment To Their Career As A Care Giver\""
"3617" "\"‘Look, where is all this nonsense leading? – I’ve got a dead anteater waiting to be skinned outside…’\""
"3618" "\"And later that night I had a string of fruitful conversations and prayer times with students. It started out with a conversation with someone who wanted to make a first time adult decision to follow Jesus and ended with a conversation with one of my leaders who needed to know that Jesus had not forgotten him. As we talked, we worked at some of the roots of his numbness toward evangelism and he left with a sense that there was work yet to be done in his soul, but the Lord present.\""
"3619" "\"Most recipes I could find for guava cakes used guava nectar, but I did find one that uses guava paste as a layer in the middle of the cupcakes. I used my go-to cream cheese frosting from Baked Explorations, I decorated some with a swirl of guava paste and some just piped with frosting. The cupcakes turned out pretty good, the cake is quite dense, like a pound cake which isn't my favourite (I'm more of a sponge cake type of girl), but my husband loved it. I don't think I cut the guava paste thin enough so it didn't quite melt into the ribbons I had envisioned, but it tasted great nonetheless. Next time I'll use a more standard yellow cake recipe and slice the guava paste as thin as I possibly can.\""
"3620" "\"In the United States, Cuban officials aren’t allowed to travel more than 25 miles from their bases in Washington or at the United Nations in New York without prior approval. U.S. officials in Havana are banned from leaving the city, and can meet only with Cuban Foreign Ministry officials.\""
"3621" "\"I am so, so, excited you have the chance to chat with you guys today!!\""
"3622" "\"Create a layout or card using the following ingredients:\""
"3623" "\"The Witness was also sent a photograph of NPC 3260, a grey Toyota Corolla, late last week and yesterday received an e-mail showing a car bearing NPC 3228 plates.\""
"3624" "\"February Saturday 4th - 10am to 4.pm - Serendipity Patchwork & Quilting, Seale-Hayne, Newton Abbot, DevoN TQ12 6NQ\""
"3625" "\"Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol, the eldest daughter of His Royal Highness Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn, currently serves as Ambassador and Alternative Representative of the Kingdom of Thailand to the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice (CCPCJ). In December 2011, following a distinguished career at the Office of Attorney-General, Her Royal Highness was elected Chairperson of the CCPCJ. As a seasoned prosecutor-cum-diplomat, she brings a wealth of practitioner’s experience to the policy-making process of the Commission, particularly in strengthening standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice, as well as in promoting integrated responses to transnational organized crime in all of its manifestations.\""
"3626" "\"UPDATE at 2:20 p.m. CST: She got through the surgery just fine. I received a texted pic of her from our older sister a few minutes ago, and she looks sooo diiffferent! I think that doctor took her down to an A cup, yo! :D Amazing. So happy for her. I'll update with pics just as soon as she sends me some that she says are ok to post. Hopefully next wek sometime. WOOHOO!\""
"3627" "\"To find her there these many years\""
"3628" "\"Busy fucking day! MIA & having twitter withdrawals!\""
"3629" "\"Next, I made odd oval shapes in different sizes. I worked some black dye into a separate ball of gumpaste and then used it to make the heads and dots, as in the photo above.\""
"3630" "\"In a large pot boil the water to cook your spaghetti. When the water is boiling, toss in the spaghetti and stir often enough so it doesn't clump. Cook for 8-10 minutes until al dente.\""
"3631" "\"(2) Perhaps it was because of the attachment I developed for Dr L, and therefore they did not want to risk me developing the same kind of feelings for another female psychologist. Initially I worried this could happen in my own mind, as I do seem to develop an attachment to female staff members (teachers, doctors, other professionals), as well as Dr L, my old GP before I moved here who was especially supportive during the darkest times of my mental health and especially when mum was ill. I was horrified when I saw her at the gym once with me stuck in the outside pool, and she comes strolling along and starts swimming like an Olympic athlete, I practically ran from the pool inside when I knew she was swimming in the opposite direction! As for Ms Therapist, I admit there have been no feelings of affection for her at all, she does somewhat remind me of Dr L in terms of looks, but she is more talkative and open in conversations and I see her as a psychologist and nothing more. I suspect my fascination and attachment with Dr L was always partly to do with looking for a substitute when my mother was ill! I guess it is the same for CC, she is female (in case you did not know!) but I have not experienced any feelings towards her, I see her as just someone who supports me and perhaps as a friend.\""
"3632" "\"Who doesn't like these 4 things? (Ok, well I must admit that #2 can be a deal breaker for some of my friends, um I mean acquaintances, no really, friends) Seriously, my first call for an invite was to a dear friend of mine who I knew was kind of if-y about the whole cookie swap thing but I thought what the heck it is the holiday season, maybe that will get her to cooking, because she is a fabulous cook when she does it and the response I got was \\"Do you know who you are talking to? Um! No, I do not bake\\" (I do not bake here or there I do not bake anywhere, sorry I had to do that!!)\""
"3633" "\"But that’s for another blog post.\""
"3634" "\"They say it will have prayer facilities, but will not be a mosque.\""
"3635" "\"Clusterfluff\""
"3636" "\"were misleading and could be substantiated.\""
"3637" "\"I plan to go back there very soon. This time, with my wife and daughter...I only hope that this time I can meet up with John Wills again and shake his hand...Before it's too late.\""
"3638" "\"Loneliness experienced in all our human glory is a debilitating sense of loss because when we are trying to see ourselves reflected in the eyes of others, we are also trying to love ourselves…. only the love is illusory. That is why when we are not able to be with others we cannot feel the fullness of real love in ourselves. Loneliness is a human abstraction related to the idealisation of a false love, but paradoxically in its real nature is the release of spiritual aloneness. Loneliness experienced from the position of self-awareness is aloneness which opens the mystical doorway into a greater awareness of self, and therefore the ability to love oneself for who one really is.\""
"3639" "\"He is now “allowed” to tell people I have Lupus. No more lying.\""
"3640" "\"Are you John Galt? If so, where are you and what are you going to do about this?\""
"3641" "\"Here are some real Horrockses dresses brought along by Dr Caroline Alexander from the Harris Museum who gave the morning talk. Its was really good despite the fact that her presentation wouldn't work and she had to rely on a few photos.\""
"3642" "\"When last we left our hero, the phone was out. This morning, it was working again. With that problem dutifully resolved by ignoring it, it was time to do the laundry.\""
"3643" "\"The authors apparently violated good scientific practice by redundant publication almost 10 years ago. They presumably benefited from this (undeserved?) inflation of their lists of publications. It is desirable to inform the scientific public in the most transparent way without waiting for reluctant authors to reply to forbearing editors despite obvious preponderance of evidence.\""
"3644" "\"Moby- Animal Rights: this album is unique enough as it is a Moby album, but what makes this album stand out is the strange mix of ambient bliss and hardcore punk. Worth a listen to anyone who has passed off Moby as not worth their time. Someone to love: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u80TG_qVmKU That’s When I Reach for My Revolver: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGiQhJBXMUI\""
"3645" "\"OTR to MP3 – July 9th, 2011, Shore Leave 33:\""
"3646" "\"Specifically, under 35 U.S.C. § 363, the international filing date of a PCT application is also the U.S. filing date for the corresponding national stage application. 35 U.S.C. § 363 (1984); see also Manual of Patent Examining Procedure (MPEP) § 1893.03(b) (8th Ed. including May 2004 revisions) (\\"It should be borne in mind that the filing date of the international application is also the filing date for the national stage application.\\"). Thus, the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date is November 26, 1993, the filing date of the PCT application. Because the ’094 patent is entitled to priority back to the ’595 patent’s U.S. filing date, the ’094 patent’s priority date under 35 U.S.C. § 120 as well as its term calculation date under 35 U.S.C. § 154(a)(2) is at least November 26, 1993. In other words, the ’094 patent, which specifically references the ’595 patent and thus satisfies the requirements of 35 U.S.C. § 120 and 37 C.F.R. § 1.78(a), is entitled to effectively the same date as the original PCT\""
"3647" "\"I'm selling a bunch of Pokemon cards. Why? Because my kids sneaked them into my shopping cart while at the grocery store and I ended up buying them because I didn't notice they were there until we got home. How could I have possibly not noticed they were in my cart, you ask? Let me explain.\""
"3648" "\"Why NC?? That is the boys' number one choice because we have friends that live there that they are very close to and they want to live by them. I love this tiny little town and would love to raise my boys there. We have friends there so it is not like we are going somewhere where we don't know anyone.\""
"3649" "\"542 **D-X/1/1963. “Neither Black nor White: The Negro in America.” Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 753-70. Incorporated in Item C-1989(4), above.) Dedicated to the memory of Jason M. Aronson (1929-1961). See Item D-XII/6/1961, above. See, also, Item C-1997(9) and Item C-1998(11), above.\""
"3650" "\"Then I tweaked the neckline. The neckline (really wishing I had captured a \\"pre\\" image of this) did not lay nicely because the slit, while obviously intended to butt nicely, instead gaped awkwardly with unsightly draglines. So I united the portion of the slit that is below the sheer lace (you can make out the stitches if you click on the close-up view of the neckline... this is where the aforementioned subtlety comes into play). Then I finished-off the rest of the slit with a closure of two buttons and elastic loops. It's much more wearable now.\""
"3651" "\"They had a manager who obviously knew his stuff and produced a game plan, but that went out of the window as soon as something went wrong, or perversely when something went right! When keeper John Bartington let Lance Shaw’s weak effort through his legs for 0-2 you awaited the cricket score, but Chris Scott’s fine shot brought Crendon right back into the game. But Crendon stopped acting like a team and by half time it was 1-4 and all was lost.\""
"3652" "\"COVER surface with cling-film to prevent a skin forming\""
"3653" "\"Anyway, now that this other life is growing inside of me and I have Leila at my side to witness it all, I'm so curious as to what all of this means to her. She points to my belly and asks, \\"That's your baby?\\" I say, \\"Yes, that's your sister.\\" And just when I think she's getting it all, she pulls up her shirt, points to her belly and says, \\"This is my sister.\\"\""
"3654" "\"I would like to thank the MES for inviting me to Cairo, I had a wonderful time. And a big thank you to the teachers, all the other staff and the students for giving me such a warm welcome and for making my visit to Cairo so special.\""
"3655" "\"to touch the world in such a blaze,\""
"3656" "\"Be sure to comment on the daily inspirations featured on the facebook page- One random comment will also win this darling stamp set from Simon Says Stamp!\""
"3657" "\"The deliberately vague addition of \\"good governance\\" is a smart way to circumvent explaining that only a tyrannical transnational system can guarantee \\"effective functioning of the Internet.\\"\""
"3658" "\"First of all, I would kindly ask all of you to take your expectations for this review and dispose of them in a way you see fit; as this elongated piece of text will likely turn out to be less of a conventional review and more of a plea to the governing forces for some form of closure or a token to compensate for the damage inflicted on my poor little emotions during the reading of this novel. If you were to ask me, in a manner that denotes a certain lack of interest, what exactly within this novel violated my feelings so, then I would splutter out a list of mostly incoherent things, and the most coherent of which shall be chronicled here in an effort to convince you to let this book toy with your feelings as well.\""
"3659" "\"People are fallible. We are prone to making mistakes and letting our hearts guide our actions when our heads should prevail. We often fail to recognize or foresee the consequences of those actions when we take them.\""
"3660" "\"One of my goals is to produce fresh, spontaneous artworks that will leap off the canvas. I will need to “look three times, make one brushstroke and leave it!” This is absolutely necessary for wet-in-wet painting, so this challenge has come at just the right time for me.\""
"3661" "\"Here is Samantha and Princess.\""
"3662" "\"The story is full of twists, turns and surprises. Did you plot the story in detail before writing, or was the writing a journey of discovery?\""
"3663" "\"Mashed potatoes and pies are great, but for those of us who don't want to completely bust our waist lines, this yummy looking chicken and tomato pasta dish from Skinny Taste would be a nice reprieve from all the heavy holiday cooking.\""
"3664" "\"When in Rome... Lessons on living local and making yourself at home.\""
"3665" "\"4. Sam Waterston (Gore Vidal’s Lincoln, 1988; The Civil War, 1990)\""
"3666" "\"My foot is still constantly aching, with occasional stabs of pain. Last week, I walked every single day, at least 20-30 minutes, and had a ton of pain in the evenings. So this week, I'm trying a new strategy. Last night, we ended up walking 50 minutes total (did about 2 miles), and the pain while walking was no worse than having done just 20 minutes at the time (the pain over night and this morning though? Yowza.). SO...I'm going to try completely resting it today (will do my trainer workout tonite which keeps me off my foot for the most part), and then tomorrow do another 2 or so miles, as far as I feel I can go. I'm hoping that this might strengthen it a bit more. Or it could be a huge fail. Ya never know until you try. I was really losing motivation for walking, so it feels good to have some sort of \\"plan\\", if nothing else.\""
"3667" "\"(Viewers can see the policemen’s responses in the sub-titled video on a loop at the exhibition. “You use the word ‘crossfire’ with the picture of a paddy field at night and everyone knows that’s where it happened,” says one. “The image gives the impression of a place we may take them to do our work.”)\""
"3668" "\"* Sayid looks for MIB, the jungle begins to move. The wind blowing circular, in an instant Sayid is face to face with MIB. MIB says hello and then Sayid plunges the dagger into MIB’s chest. MIB pulls it out and says, why did you go and do that.\""
"3669" "\"About 20 of our whole group were stokers. How they ever withstood the icy temperature after the heat they were accustomed to, is extraordinary, but there was no case of illness resulting.\""
"3670" "\"'I now wear it around my neck - which is better than where it was. I decided to put it on a chain because it has already been with me for all these years.'\""
"3671" "\"- You may receive a 3rd entry by blogging about this contest and leaving an additional comment with the link.\""
"3672" "\"Do you have a Flashback you'd like to add? Put your link here:\""
"3673" "\"Something is definitely wrong with a populace that would see 1Malaysia as threatening to Malay rights simply because it aims to be more inclusive.\""
"3674" "\"Why should I expect fairness at this point? I don't understand it, but there is this instinctive reaction to revert to deservedness and worth and none of it matters. Even if there was some sort of cosmic meritocracy, what makes anyone more or less deserving of tragedy? I could say why me, why me, why me - but as others have pointed out - why not me? Why not these people? Or why anyone?\""
"3675" "\"Named after Cindy and Jerry, who love dining in Paris and know more about it than anybody I've met (despite the fact that they live all the way across the world in California!), the C and J Restaurant Review will be an opportunity for me to post about and review restaurants that I visit in the City of Lights. I've been to some great ones, so this is going to be lots of fun!!!\""
"3676" "\"Or even see\""
"3677" "\"The calorie counts on these things are not accurate, since I didn’t enter age/weight stats, so I’m sure I did a decent job of sweating off some calories today. The owner of this gym remembered me from when I stopped in to check the place out, and his sweet golden mix is there to cheer on all the gym rats. The time I went (around 4:15) was pretty good-not too crowded at all. Naturally, I was the biggest person there working out, but people just stuck to their own routines, which is just fine with me. There was one gal who was a little on the bigger side, but boy, she was just powering through that elliptical work out–very inspiring! My new sneakers worked out pretty well, but I can tell I have some breaking in to do. And my knee did well overall, though I felt a difference every time I upped the speed on the treadmill. Ouch!\""
"3678" "\"nor is it enough to continue for a time to pray;\""
"3679" "\"nights of a heart that came to settle\""
"3680" "\"2 heaped cup onion (300g), finely chopped\""
"3681" "\"The set list is the whole six wives suite plus the piece on Henry VIII ‘Defender Of The Faith’ which never made the original album and two newly composed pieces to bookend the concert.\""
"3682" "\"“This rally is important to send a clear message to Najib that the mechanism for free, fair and clean elections ought to be implemented before the coming general election.\""
"3683" "\"I also taught my budgie to say, \\"Hello, baby\\"\""
"3684" "\"The week after Cohen had to have a minor surgery performed. He did great! Much better than we had expected and his recovery has been phenomenal! He is such a champ and trooper! Last week Matt had to have a procedure done as well. He is still recovering but doing well. Both were minor things and we are grateful for no complications.\""
"3685" "\"What would you ask them?\""
"3686" "\"all 99 counties in Iowa and met people in person\""
"3687" "\"Also during the bottom of the fourth, Ryan Holland hit his third double of the season, staying back at second base to play it safe. Korey Wacker stepped up next and drilled one into left-center field to drive Holland home to give the Terps a 1-0 lead.\""
"3688" "\"I joined a new group on Paper Craft Planet and am so excited about all the new challenges and inspiration. I love making 3D projects and Adele at AR Creations has some beautiful templates. Adele posted a tutorial on making a card that looks like a men's suit. My version is much larger, my son wanted to put a couple of things inside for his Dad. What do you think?\""
"3689" "\"Mouth feel: Here is a medium bodied beer that gets a little help in building its body from the mild carbonation.\""
"3690" "\"11/23 UPDATE: On November 21st, the U.S. Senate Democrats got a “fililbuster proof 60 votes that will allow them to bring their version of health care reform to the Senate floor for debate.” While the vote is considered historic, the passage of this bill is in no way a sure thing. Read here for complete details from the Examiner.com.\""
"3691" "\"I finished this little project a while ago for our bathroom wall. Love the colors and the way it turned out. It brings sweet smiles and memories every time we see it! If your interested in how I created this read the details below.\""
"3692" "\"Now, if the ARC happens to be Young Adult, I might pass it on to Kimber, Jr. Or not. I still reserve the right to be a neurotically overprotective mother. But, I certainly don't have the time or money to stand in line at the post office and mail a paper ARC to any of the other reviewers here.\""
"3693" "\"The Best Archival Release goes to the massive Warner Bros sixteen-disc, retrospective box-set THE DANNY ELFMAN & TIM BURTON 25TH ANNIVERSARY MUSIC BOX, which was housed in a Zoetrope box and included an exclusive historical book. The winner of Best Archival Re-recording goes to conductor William Stromberg and the Moscow Symphony Orchestra for their re-recording of Bernard Herrmann’s THE BATTLE OF NERETVA and THE NAKED AND THE DEAD. Best Record Label of the Year goes to La-La Land Records, their second win in a row in this category, for such notable 2011 expanded release soundtracks as 1941, SPACE ABOVE AND BEYOND, FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY, COMMANDO and STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION COLLECTION VOLUME 1.\""
"3694" "\"petite pois with onions and tasso, lima beans,\""
"3695" "\"ISBN: 031214122-x\""
"3696" "\"Next was the only one I felt didn't work, the Saison de la Tete.\""
"3697" "\"1. Shirt (Zara)\""
"3698" "\"○ Alternate Ending: Carousel Fight\""
"3699" "\"VersaMark\""
"3700" "\"John Abraham…… Special appearance\""
"3701" "\"Last 2 week progress\""
"3702" "\"MOM: How many times have you seen this movie?\""
"3703" "\"Reduced vulnerability and romantic capability\""
"3704" "\"Yes! I was at boarding school for three years, from grades 10-12. Breathless is loosely based on my experiences.\""
"3705" "\"1 sweet vidalia onion or leek (white and light green part only), sliced\""
"3706" "\"Lux-Pain (DS)\""
"3707" "\"Toy Story’s eerie concept of sentient, self-propelled toys is terrifying, if you really think about it, but at least Buzz Lightyear and his friends aren’t a malevolent bunch. However, ranging from gory and disturbing to sad, sweet and epic, this collection of playful nightmares may inspire you keep those action figures and favourite childhood toys under lock and key until the sun comes up. Just to be sure.\""
"3708" "\"Speaking of big bucks, I’ve totally forgotten how much I paid (except it was a lot), and I paid through money orders that I have no record of, and got rid of my notebook (probably a mistake) in a fit of reducing clutter in my house. But I asked our group and they seemed to think we paid $360 a month for 5 months, and then $280 for another month. Those figures aren’t exactly right, but are close. So that would be around $2000. There’s a fee at the beginning for the medical exam and lab work ($250?), and then there’s the product. The more you are on, the more you pay, obviously. It’s approximately $2.50 a product. So I guess I was “lucky” (ha!) to only be on 5 a day. I think there was only one other person on 5, the rest 6, or more (for some of the guys). I’m assuming it’s based on your height, how much you weigh at the start, maybe other things. The doctor you see before starting the program sets the amount.\""
"3709" "\"I tell you this as someone who has watched the BP oil spill story unfold with the same fascination that a reticulated python has for a prey that is about to become dinner.\""
"3710" "\"We know this from the perverse wall pairings in the Temple of Lakshana in Khajuraho.\""
"3711" "\"UPDATE: June, 2010.\""
"3712" "\"Manufacturing companies could apply it to process control.\""
"3713" "\"I don’t speak ‘African.’ There is no such language.\""
"3714" "\"A few of the comments on the Imperi-Ale 5.0 from the not exactly naïve quaffers in the room: a mildly sweet front end with a touch of melon flavor… A clean transition to a gentle bitterness… Moves towards a citrus/spicy note nurtured by a warming bready-toasty character of malt…. Finishes with a crisp melon punch and caramel sweetness, capped by a touch of lingering bitterness…\""
"3715" "\"The fourth film I seriously considered was Strangers On A Train. In this one, Guy meets a mysterious man on a train trip who offers a bizarre bargain: he’d kill Guy’s wife in exchange for Guy doing away with the man’s father, thereby solving both of their problems. Guy says no, but the man carries out his end anyway soon thereafter, by killing his wife. While the setup has some elements of horror, this movie ultimately becomes a thriller/blackmail film.\""
"3716" "\"3 original\""
"3717" "\"Which is only 5.\""
"3718" "\"Combat Rock is a good listen, and if you’ve never heard it, you should take the time and check it out. Look for Rat Patrol as well, you can find it at any of your better download sites. Even when not in a pure rock n’ roll mode, The Clash were still better than most bands.\""
"3719" "\"The J Paul Getty Museum has commissioned four new sculptures by Tim Hawkinson, and, for the first time on the west coast, his gargantuan Überorgan, 2001 is on display. Using an actual organ and a variety of ducts and pipes as a conveyance of massive sound, the flatulent and moaning piece is loud, overwhelming and completely obnoxious. It is also fantastic. From the intestinal tubes and belching aortas in the Getty’s entrance hall, you proceed into the collections looking for quiet, struck with wonder yet fleeing a magnificent creature that woke you up.\""
"3720" "\"Let me start with the negatives. This film is shot entirely in black and white, which is a nice stylistic decision. However, in the age of HDTV and widescreen sets, the fact that it is shot in an old-school 4:3 aspect ratio is a bit annoying for somebody watching the film today. This is, however, something that is just me being a nitpicky prick, so let us ignore that I even brought it up.\""
"3721" "\"The handwritten text is a rule-- I almost always do it, and I can't escape my thoughts. One key to understanding the text is that it's usually like you said, Amy, it's like a family album-- it tells us why a picture was taken at that exact moment, it tells what was thought to be the story's end at that moment or other key fact that was in our minds when I came to make a picture.\""
"3722" "\"Platypus Cylindricus\""
"3723" "\"I discovered that these folks were in the queue (if I may borrow a bit of language from our friends in England) to pay bills. From the water bill to the credit card bill to the cable bill, this is how most folk pay…by going to the bank and depositing the money in the creditor’s account.\""
"3724" "\"Rnds 9-10: sc in each sc around (24).\""
"3725" "\"You see how the words build up, until oh look, another few months have gone by and I STILL haven’t gone to daily Mass the way I want to. Keep me in your prayers, dear readers, and I’m sure the Holy Spirit will shove me enough that I get back into the habit.\""
"3726" "\"The Beverly Woods East neighborhood is located minutes from South Park and in the heart of South Charlotte NC. Homes were built in the 1960′s and 1970′s and home styles include ranches, 1.5 story, 2 story and tri-level single family homes.\""
"3727" "\"After you sign up with a user name or password it’s time to link your current information. You’re able to on mint to log into your various accounts at various institutions. Things like bank accounts, credit cards, brokerage accounts, mortgages can all be tracked on one convenient website. **I feel secure doing this with mine because I have looked into it. Please do not hold me liable, do your own research if you feel uneasy about this.\""
"3728" "\"Although it's set in the future the story took me right back. The music references were like a trip down memory lane and the author has kindly compiled a mix tape for listening to alongside the book. Epic soundtrack!\""
"3729" "\"Lifted his yellow beak at last\""
"3730" "\"Been crafting at lunch breaks this week while at work.. Getting things ready for our trip to the beach in August. I can't wait..\""
"3731" "\"This blog wouldn't be possible without you all! Thank you for continuing to submit the projects that are changing your lives for the better! And don't forget about this week's \\"Organizing Proud\\" link party going on right now!\""
"3732" "\"This was the first time I tried splattering paint on any of my projects. Maybe a layout wasn't the best place to do this for the very first time? It was a lot harder than I had anticipated. Perhaps because I wanted the splatter in specific places... not sure.\""
"3733" "\"The environment Dequan will face in elementary and high schools is defined by its ignorance. Children hate because they have been taught to by the adults in their lives and because they don’t know any other way to behave. In Missouri and Tennessee, there are bills that have been introduced which prohibit any discussion of LGBT topics for grades K-8. They’ve been aptly titled the, “Don’t Say Gay” laws and they have the potential to hurt thousands of young boys and girls in those two states. Simply put, it is state-sponsored discrimination against minors. What does it tell a 7 or 8 year old, who is just beginning to form a conception of the world around him or her, that there are certain people that you just don’t talk about? This is ignorance as academic policy, in the same vein as abstinence only education, but worse. At least with the abstinence only movement, you were attacking a sexual act. With the Don’t Say Gay legislation, you directly attack the individual.\""
"3734" "\"Okay, can the people who I don't want to talk to me, please stop talking to me? And can those of you I want to talk to, please talk to me--without me having to use a really deep voice and saying the code word \\"Joseph\\" in order to do so?\""
"3735" "\"This is why. How could you NOT drool over this?? (The earrings, not my dazzling wind is blowing in my eyes smile)\""
"3736" "\"I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to resist writing about relationships because of the judgements I have towards myself in relation to relationships and how I have fucked myself up within this point of who I am as myself as my own self relationship where in I basically see myself as a complete fuck-up with so far to go that to even think about relationships brings a point of despair in thinking how far away this point of me actually being in an effective agreement must be due to how much I have accepted and allowed myself to fuck myself and continue to fuck myself and have not found it within myself to actually walk in self respect and self dignity and self honesty so that I actually see myself as fit for an agreement or relationship with another being.\""
"3737" "\"Trehan Daciano, known as the Prince of Shadows, has spent his life serving his people, striking in the night, quietly executing any threat to their realm. The coldly disciplined swordsman has never desired anything for himself—until he beholds Bettina, the sheltered ward of two of the Lore’s most fearsome villains.\""
"3738" "\"Actually, this literary task is too daunting without dividing this up by room. Let me make this easier for the both of us:\""
"3739" "\"We served this alongside lemon thyme bars that Kathy created. Wow, lots of lemon at that meal. It was bliss!\""
"3740" "\"3. Education. We’d give a few million to St. Matthew Catholic School in Phoenix, where I did my JV year, which works with the very-poor children of immigrants in Phoenix. A few million to the Boys and Girls club, and a few million to Most Holy Rosary School and Bishop Ludden High School back home. We’d remember to think locally, too, and give a million each to the poorer Catholic Schools here in Tucson, and maybe some to the public schools servicing low-income students. I’d also like to to work out an investment so we could set up a grant to be paid from the interest. The grant would be specifically to educate children living in poverty – to encourage solutions in educating them.\""
"3741" "\"Little did I know, when I’m at the movies, life is full of funny co-incidences.\""
"3742" "\"I must have quadrupled my lifetime’s Icewine consumption in three days – some wineries presented four different Icewines for me to try and one partnered almost every course in a meal with Icewine – I suppose that you have to be creative in its use if you have a lot of Icewine to get through!\""
"3743" "\"Underworld begins where we are left off at the end of Abandon, Pierce is now ruling as Queen of the underworld with John, having just escaped a desperate and personal attack from the Furies. Her safety is still in jeopardy though, which leaves the reader constantly questioning who can really be trusted. Pierce also has some unfinished business left with the living and therefore must return to keep those she's left behind safe, a task that leaves her relationship with John conflicted. This book has definitely added new darker elements to the story with new hilarious characters along with mysterious developments into certain pasts that'll leave you questioning EVERYTHING!\""
"3744" "\"- EAP: Conflict Management (2003)\""
"3745" "\"Things look better in the morning\""
"3746" "\"It looks like you can use a few Apps to track your runs, however for now, I am just tracking my runs on my phone, and manually entering them in.\""
"3747" "\"There are many cities in all over the world which have a plethora of bars with various themes individuals can attend. Bar stools play key role to meet your seating needs in the bars or else in the restaurants. Purchasing these stools in bulk makes a chance for you to avail great discounts and best deals.\""
"3748" "\"She's doing well. Mostly a happy, content baby. People comment on her pleasant disposition. But of course that isn't always the case. She cries, and fusses, gets frustrated and angry. Sleep still is hard on me. We've put a futon mattress on the floor of her room - an attempt to slowly transition her out of our bed, while allowing me (or my dh someday) to still sleep with her. It's only been a few nights. And some of those nights I've brought her back to my bed because it's so much more comfortable, and if she's not going to sleep well, I might as well at least be comfortable in between the wakings!\""
"3749" "\"Polke mixes and matches the wildest things -- gestural painting with collage, slick images with sticky surfaces of linseed, handmade objects with machinery. He’s unpredictable -- when I thought I had Polke pinned, I encountered his lush landscapes, his skies of dappled color. Beauty. It was there all along, and Polke wasn’t afraid of it. I find Polke at the heart of a world that I still struggle to understand, the spiritual and earthy store of German art, a zany place that produces some of the best artwork in the world.\""
"3750" "\"- Revlon ColorStay eye/ lip: 20% off\""
"3751" "\"The 20 e-books published by Odyssey Editions carry an elegant and unified new look designed in collaboration with Enhanced Editions (http://www.enhanced-editions.com/). Features include:\""
"3752" "\"She can't get me back on an economy flight, TBS tells her not to worry, just book premium economy, it's only money says he, he's quite enamoured of the free champagne and the food served on real plates, I tell her to change the dates. As his paper round won't even cover the airport parking.\""
"3753" "\"20. 303 Shore Rd… Asked $2,375,000. Sold $1,740,000. Started 10/2009\""
"3754" "\"He taught me how to survive through thick and thin and I am forever grateful for the life lessons he taught me, through love or punshiment. One thing about him is, he may never tell me he loves me, but when I look in his aging eyes I see all the love he has for me. We might have had our differences and disagreement with dad but at the end of the day, he is my dad, am his girl and the bond is unbreakable.\""
"3755" "\"Peace and Love,\""
"3756" "\"show at our high school of mostly cover songs, and we liked playing\""
"3757" "\"I’ve been focusing on telling the stories of my maternal grandmother, Edna Buckman Kearns, in a blog and web site called Suffrage Wagon News Channel. It’s not only the original stories gleaned from my grandmother’s papers, but I’m making a bridge between Edna’s times and today. It’s about how we can build leadership today by telling stories of the suffrage movement. I have storytelling in my bones. I believe it’s a human trait going back to the beginning of recorded time and before.\""
"3758" "\"Amalia is a natural born show jumper, the sky is her limit so of course I could not say no.\""
"3759" "\"In The Beginner's Goodbye, Luke owns a restaurant. Wait! How'd that happen? Luke's uncle Ezra owned a restaurant in the earlier book. Is this the same one? A different restaurant? Now I wonder if I should finish the earlier novel before continuing this new one.\""
"3760" "\"I’ve gotten into trouble for being too “flowery” by using actual words such as innocuous and telephonic as some people didn’t think a) they were real words and b) that if they were I should actually use them. One of the biggest annoyances when it comes to language and communicating is when someone doesn’t know a word and won’t just ask what it means so we can move on with the conversation. I’ve had the bizarre experience though of people questioning me and even having the gall to make fun of me when I use a large word (there you go again using your $5 words!). It’s really all I can do to keep from laughing and it makes me feel like I’m in the twilight zone. Mind you I don’t even think I have a large vocabulary. I often feel like Marilyn in the Munsters tv show if anyone remembers that. Try to gain knowledge and use it and others see you as a freak!\""
"3761" "\"23. Go kayaking\""
"3762" "\"Now it's my turn with my first sketch for this amazing team. I hope you will\""
"3763" "\"25.) “What if there were no such thing as a writer? What if everyone simply wrote? What if there were no ‘being a real writer’ to aspire to?”-Julia Cameron, The Right to Write\""
"3764" "\"Nietzsche\""
"3765" "\"Do you have any professional souvenir photos in your collection? Where would you most like to have your photo taken on vacation in this fashion? Know any places that still do the old fashioned in-a-portfolio photography? Lemme know!!\""
"3766" "\"Totally unaware of the imminent downing of tools, I chose this place to watch the Superbowl (an event which I learned much about from a fellow punter - the generally malt-preferring Brian - who succeeded in revealing to me that American Football is actually pretty damn riveting once you know what the hell is going on!)\""
"3767" "\"xoBC\""
"3768" "\"But then, who wants to listen to anyone’s constant personal diary, especially when it’s set to such uninspiring music? America’s youth lost 10 years of their lives listening to Browne’s and James Taylor’s navel-gazing drivel. He couldn’t even make his best song a hit; had to let those flannel-shirted idiots The Eagles smooth it out for national consumption.\""
"3769" "\"The images that result are quietly provoking. In a wonderful progression, we follow him through the first snowfall into the depths of winter – an amazing journey.\""
"3770" "\"Make your husband a big ugali that he cannot finish. As everyone knows, the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach. Avoid snacks like rice and green grams as such meals put an African man off. Even if you make him some rice, make an even bigger plate of ugali and serve him. Make sure you serve him a huge bowl of sweet potatoes and a full flask of tea after his main meal.\""
"3771" "\"and not so apart\""
"3772" "\"Questions, comments, concerns re: Malt? Mannequin hands: fug or fashion-friendly? Malt ice cream and milkshakes, or malt liquor?\""
"3773" "\"Beauty and the Beast (Carol Woolverton)\""
"3774" "\"So I had to dig deep to discover my method of determining how to write my review. And I found it!\""
"3775" "\"Now THAT, they say, is a look,\""
"3776" "\"In a few days, Betty Buff Sugarscrubs will be taking over from Tasmia Trinkets and Charms as Henado Business of the Month. We will be telling you lots more about them in the next few days, but for starters, here is what they say about themselves:\""
"3777" "\"He snapped only one photograph each day – only what he thought was going to be the most meaningful event that day. One photo and one photo only. The World Trade Center could fall down and… From 1979 to 1981 maybe 8 or 9 photos included me. Maybe half of those were just of me. I thought it an honor to be chosen, even in the early days.\""
"3778" "\"The irony of all this of course, is that very little people actually seem to care. What could be seen as one of the largest attacks on a front line service in British history is being almost ignored by the press. This isn’t right. Theresa May’s incompetence has been portrayed time and time again recently, over Abu Qatada, the border’s agency and now this. I know 20% cuts have been imposed on the Home Office, but is this really the right thing to do? From an ethical view point at least, most certainly not. Also, with less accountability to the public, how can we guarantee the safety of the public from abuse of power, or even regarding witness statements? It is clear not enough thought has gone into this, and very little public consultation.\""
"3779" "\"Draft 4: Okay, I think I'm finally getting there. But why is this sentence so long? And why is there a comma there? And why do all my characters roll their eyes? Where are there eyes eyes eyes everywhere?\""
"3780" "\"Rewarded for launching 50 yellow fireworks = 1 Anniversary Token.\""
"3781" "\"Lemon Curd\""
"3782" "\"I’ll be honest, while I had a terrible relationship and experiences with my ado-mom, I kind of felt abandoned. When I had my kids during my teens, I didn’t have a loving mom by my side to help me and guide me on my new journey into motherhood. I didn’t have a role model. I didn’t feel loved, I felt lonely…abandoned maybe.\""
"3783" "\"Just my perspective from 12 degrees south of the Equator.\""
"3784" "\"FLIRTING WITH DISASTER (David O. Russell)\""
"3785" "\"B. Qualifications To Be Raptured\""
"3786" "\"The above is not intended to disparage DiCaprio, who I think is a strong and versatile actor; Broderick Crawford just has to be himself, though – he’s a winged serpent.\""
"3787" "\"The stuff cost and arm and a leg, so I was reluctant, but I knew the cut was big enough for a few meals. Of course that would mean nothing if I hated it.\""
"3788" "\"After all…\""
"3789" "\"vegetable oil to deep fry\""
"3790" "\"Avon Ideal Flawless Invisible Coverage Foundation SPF 15 - Light Ivory (applied with a synthetic foundation brush)\""
"3791" "\"Head to my feet (yeah)\""
"3792" "\"getting maps together and researching locations of ruins.....\""
"3793" "\"-We are best friends.\""
"3794" "\"Ok, ok, this a weird idea. But as an answer to 'How do you inform a disinterested youth audience about the fine print of NHS reform' brief it's a pretty good hit.\""
"3795" "\"I mentioned the other day Christina Marguiles was at my work library speaking about her new cookbook. She was very informative, just like the book. Since her background is as a food scientist she is able to tell you why things happen or need to happen in order for your baking to turn out correctly. She talked about some of her key tips in the book about how to avoid cookies from over spreading and how to get the perfect shiny crackly top on your brownies.\""
"3796" "\"Absolute madness! I love it. I was there all day on Monday and for just a few hours today. I've been fighting a sore throat and cold which is winning so I cut it short and came home.\""
"3797" "\"Angela Roselli, surviving with nerve damage in her back.\""
"3798" "\"So Day 3 Done and I'm feeling good. I am consuming about 12 glasses of water a day to keep the hunger pains away. One suggestion if you consider doing a reboot, do not watch the Food Network or the Chew because I've been craving Burgers all day. *sigh*\""
"3799" "\"Me: Now that is a cool way to come up with an idea for a story!\""
"3800" "\"Best when coldest. As it warms it gets a little soapy. An odd peppery bitterness creeps out in the aftertaste as well.\""
"3801" "\"A faggot of sticks to burn him.\""
"3802" "\"I guess I'll just keep quitting til it sticks,\""
"3803" "\"A synopsis:\""
"3804" "\"Once we’re up and running, having learnt from your bitter experience, we would steer clear of the chardonnay socialists and multiculturalist weirdos at the AFL, A-League and Super15s, and go straight to the NRL for jumper sponsorship negotiations. As long as they didn’t consider it an infringement on their intellectual property, they would bloody love it.\""
"3805" "\"Ethan: Welllll...... maybe.\""
"3806" "\"I want to share my knowledge with the world and learn from others too.\""
"3807" "\"Save $1.00 on Febreze Candle\""
"3808" "\"One of the most remarkable features of this painting is the curious slanting object in the foreground, which could not possibly have been there in real life. This is an anamorphic projection of a skull; if the viewer stands to the extreme right of the painting and looks across the panel, this object becomes foreshortened and is clearly seen to be a skull. Possibly Holbein painted it in this peculiar fashion, hidden but in plain view, to suggest that a reminder of death is always present in the midst of power and opulence, the skull being a symbol of mortality.\""
"3809" "\"Like many writers who are used to working alone in silent rooms, it's a bit traumatic to read aloud one's own work and in this case, about myself as well. I've always been afraid of public speaking, and for that reason joined International Toastmasters when I first arrived in BsAs, where I met some fabulous folks and got some experience but never conquered my fears. Still, it's a chance for personal growth, as they say.\""
"3810" "\"21. ANIL KUMBLE (IND) Legbreak Googly (1989-2010)\""
"3811" "\"Beyond the cattails, ash and soot cling to the pond,\""
"3812" "\"As an aside, Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu was the first series that I know of to use Ben-Day dots as an overall style. I’d be curious to see if their usage was similar to Acchi Kocchi, or directing the audience in a different manner.\""
"3813" "\"I know that was a lot of shots of the same outfit, which I apologize for, but I was just having so much fun posing everywhere! Here are some close-ups of the pieces:\""
"3814" "\"“I’m still not convinced she was kidnapped. I don’t want to find out too late that you’re inventing all this for either the publicity or to get even with her. So I’m going to say it again. It’s obvious you and Elizabeth aren’t well suited for each other, and she’s a little too young for you anyway. Why not just find another rich woman to marry? You’d be better off with an older, wealthy widow anyway. Some of the unfavorable newspaper commentary you’ve gotten has been due to the difference in your ages.”\""
"3815" "\"I experimented on various types of laces - cotton was fantastic, but boy did it soak in the paint and the colours were extremely vibrant. When it came to my favourite choice of lace, guipure, I opted to water the mixture right down and the results were perfect, still maintaining the shimmer. Of course for my project for Creative Inspiration Paints, I used a brighter hue than my normal tastes, as I really wanted the colours to show in my blog posts. I must add, I certainly am not disappointed that I opted for the brighter version!\""
"3816" "\"Baltimora Tarzan boy US\""
"3817" "\"It will be interesting to see how this film plays to French audiences. Paris movie-goers are famous cinephiles, so there's little doubt it will be lapped up for its many cinematic virtues. The French are also unusually interested in the plight of Australia's Aborigines. Many is the time I have been quizzed by locals interested in the Aboriginal story. If the French media dedicate any air time or column space at all to Australia, it is more often than not to explore the Aboriginal predicament. Samson & Delilah will doubtless go some way to feeding that fascination.\""
"3818" "\"God promised – “This isn’t the end. Give Me the ashes; I’ll do something with them. Something beautiful.”\""
"3819" "\"AXIS BANK – Bse code – 532215 – last close – 1196.6 – SELL – 1206.1 – SL – 1230.2 – for TG1 Rs. 1180.4 and for TG2 Rs. 1168.6 – stock opened at Rs. 1186 hit intraday low Rs. 1165.2 hit intraday high Rs. 1204.7 stock was during trading down -2.7 % from previous close and closed at Rs 1178.7\""
"3820" "\"But you realize that the complexity of the local architecture, especially in the markets and casbahs – which any labyrinth aficionado would fall in love with right away (I fell in love right away) – is not only a kind of terrestrial tactic, i.e. keeping small pieces of the planet (sand) out of the inner rooms, it's also a philosophical response to the utterly gigantic north African landscapes collapsing all over themselves, ground down to sandy fissures in the distance: you want to control space, and limit the perimeter. Keep the walls close.\""
"3821" "\"However, I always find it strange when directors cast non-language-speaking actors in prominent roles, and then have them dubbed over. It doesn’t seem to happen that often anymore, but I have seen easily a half-dozen European films from the 60’s and 70’s that were cast this way. I’ve always wondered how this works for a director. For example, Burt Lancaster and Alain Delon are the primary characters in The Leopard, and neither speaks a bit of Italian. The dubbing is quite obvious, and also rather discombobulating at first. What was the reasoning behind casting these particular actors? Did Lancaster and Delon have a certain look that made their lack of Italian language skills a secondary consideration? It’s true that both men fit their roles perfectly, but as with foreign films that have been dubbed for the international market, I always feel that there is something particular missing when the actor’s physical presence doesn’t match his dialog. When films are subtitled, it may be difficult at times to take in both the translated dialog and the visual components, but at least the originality of the actor’s delivery and individual voice is retained. In this case, watching Lancaster was a bizarre transaction – an actor speaking in English, then dubbed over in Italian, and then subtitled again in English.\""
"3822" "\"A composer, conductor and drummer, Costanzo is best known as a bongo player, and is nicknamed \\"Mr. Bongo\\". He visited Havana three times in the 1940s and learned to play Afro-Cuban rhythms on the bongos and congas.\""
"3823" "\"My mother said I should stop watching CSI and Charmed because they are the reasons why I dream about monsters. Dreams full of darkness and jam-packed with hairy legs, sharp teeth, drooling green saliva filled me with restless sleep.\""
"3824" "\"Is the nation turning 51 less of a big deal than 50? Of course not. In fact, in many ways, it is a bigger deal since we as a nation will be a year older; we have been together a year longer; and, probably achieved more as a nation than a year before.\""
"3825" "\"About half and half: 16 (24%)\""
"3826" "\"Stay tuned for my next post where I battle it out with myself ... do I self pub the sequel? or do I start the query game again? Oh the angst!\""
"3827" "\"Congratulations to Jon Walsh, our West Lot Pirate Tournament Challenge Champion. We had him on the podcast this week to take his victory lap.\""
"3828" "\"So many details, and they are all exceptionally clear.\""
"3829" "\"Finally I decided I felt good enough to make some beads, but then :HORROR! The computer controller of my kiln refused to work!!! Now I do have an old chili pepper kiln from before they were sold with digital controllers. Mine had the old \\"hand\\" control and a good friend who is a computer engineer and major nerd, built me a computer control out of an old regular computer. He wrote a fantastic controlling programm that allows me to run both my bead annealer and my fusing kiln. But now after more than 7 years of loyal services, the computer would not work any more. After some long distance diagnosis( he lives nearly 700 kilometres from us) he said he would have to make me a new hard disk with the program and send it back to me.\""
"3830" "\"Why is it important to do this? Well, I think if you're going to assess a visual poet, you can assess him or her by the same values as you assess a post-Movement poet. They're not going to share very many values in common. Yet they would still both call themselves poets. It's also why there's really no such thing as 'just poetry'.\""
"3831" "\"Even laying low it was still difficult not to attract attention riding a 1940’s style American Indian with white wall tires and a black wolf seated in front of you. If she attracted the wrong attention they quickly gave her a wide berth when her companion bore his teeth. She attracted attention just by walking into a room even with out the dog trailing behind her. If she wanted to she could have been a model, but the idea never crossed her mind.The older ones on the reservation called her Joelanar, meaning kindred. They believed the wolf and her had been mates in another life, and that was why he refused to leave her side. She didn’t know if she believed that, but even she recognized that they shared an uncanny sense of understanding. He had already lived longer then the average life span of a house pet, and didn’t show any signs of slowing down. Like her his true age was a mystery.\""
"3832" "\"but there's a chair for Jesus,\""
"3833" "\"cost is free~$2.00 parking & hours from 7am to 3pm\""
"3834" "\"Date: Wednesday 15th JUNE 2011\""
"3835" "\"And if you’re too busy or lazy to monitor your kids’ computer usage – the don’t let them use a computer at home or disconnect it from the internet (i.e. turn off the router and hide it or change the password). And if this means that your kids can’t do homework or whatever, then persuade the older ones to do it at school/college, with the very draconian safety software that most education establishments use. If it’s younger kids, maybe take them to the local library or something…\""
"3836" "\"Disease of the Arteries and Veins\""
"3837" "\"The reservoir water was never suitable for household use. So in 1916 Orchard City-the territory from the top of Cory Grade to a point about four miles north of Eckert-was incorporated and bonded for $50,000 to secure pure mountain water for domestic use. A pipe line laid from springs on the top of Grand Mesa brings an ample supply of water to Surface Creek Mesa residents for use in the homes along the way.\""
"3838" "\"The old Lie: Dulce et decorum est\""
"3839" "\"“We’ve had a great run! Six years of whirlwind funfilled adventures thanks to TLC and our many many supportive &diehard fans!,” she wrote, adding, “I poured my entire self in2 the last6years of ‘Kate Plus 8′ & I can’t wait2have the chance2challenge myself again w future endeavors!”\""
"3840" "\"Me: \\"Not even close.\\"\""
"3841" "\"The very deed that enrages you, the very act that all whites must suffer for you now do to us, yet we are not all guilty, we have a right to our country as do you, yet whites are never permitted victim status, never realised for what they are, what they have achieved and could still do so. So you come, all of you, from all places to this tiny place, you lay our hope to waste and desecrate all we have ever been and then you tell us, quiet!, let us kill you softly, take you smoothly with not a murmur, just a muted convulsion as we expire. We have no right you see, no right to be as we always have been, we deserve this, deserve this fate but who tells you this, informs you and what is their agenda, when we are gone what then, will joy sweep away sorrow, will babes laugh upon entry to this world, leaving the womb joyous, or will you all in some way, somehow be simply murderers, killers of a bound people, a people gagged by a creed, by a dogma unto death.\""
"3842" "\"Working in FLO for the next round\""
"3843" "\"“is a special day of celebration by the people of the United States … in appreciation of their liberties and the reaffirmation of their loyalty to the United States and of their rededication to the ideals of equality and justice under law in their relations with each other and with other countries; … for the cultivation of the respect for law that is so vital to the democratic way of life … inviting the people of the United States to observe Law Day, U.S.A., with appropriate ceremonies and in other appropriate ways, through public entities and private organizations and in schools and other suitable places.”\""
"3844" "\"Also, in my experience, the term “severe autism” is commonly used as a justification for why autistic people not only can but must be treated in ways that would be instantly recognized as unacceptable in any other population. This includes lowering or discarding very basic standards of science and ethics, a pervasive practice now applied to the entire autistic population. I am referring to the basic standards of science and ethics that automatically protect and benefit nonautistics, and without which they could not proceed safely in society, much less have good outcomes.\""
"3845" "\"Red Ale\""
"3846" "\"Recipe for \\"American Heros\\":\""
"3847" "\"Secretive, oh so sweet\""
"3848" "\"1. Make a cash donation (stop in the day of the sale or see a director any time).\""
"3849" "\"The Penguins desperately need someone to push each of them down one slot in the depth chart, and to eat up 20 minutes a night of mostly puck-possessing play. Matt Niskanen elevated his play to help in thie regard, but the team operates much better when he can play Letang-lite on the third pairing with Deryk Engelland.\""
"3850" "\"A grimmer but similarly manful spirit of defiance moves Túrin. Perhaps Túrin doesn’t see light and high beauty beyond the Shadow’s reach, but he does see history and judgment which the Shadow cannot deface:\""
"3851" "\"not gettin’ up in,\""
"3852" "\"Jewish city of Jerusalem in 70 AD and you will experience what Josephus\""
"3853" "\"I went to Lowe's to try and get some paint stir sticks for free (which I thought they might do, since I buy paint there about 3 times a week, and I rarely take stir sticks, but no. Major bummer. I ended up buying them online here), and also picked up some veneer edging for my brace on the inside as well. Here's what it looked like:\""
"3854" "\"Walton\""
"3855" "\"6. Rosalee is a former addict and her brother, who helped her overcome her addiction, was dealing. I didn’t think it was plausible but I guess Freddy needed income.\""
"3856" "\"The Beauty of Spiritual Experiences\""
"3857" "\"It's funny, if you were to tell someone from a modern society that you were planning on stocking up on food and water, they most likely would write you off as a quack.\""
"3858" "\"I also believe in my mother’s advice, which was always, “Never get into a fight. But, if someone hits you first, you have the right to defend yourself.” (Interesting that my mother’s best advice was also completely parallel to Israel’s foreign policy. I, for one, agree with both.)\""
"3859" "\"Akumal = Place of the turtle in Mayan\""
"3860" "\"Posability: FE 7, RID 9\""
"3861" "\"As his blossoms drop to the ground.\\"\""
"3862" "\"But before we get on to this weeks recipe I'm sure you want to know our Top Chef from last week...... and it's Carol H!\""
"3863" "\"This Ain't No Picnic\""
"3864" "\"Raising free-thinking entrepreneurs is such an incredible benefit to Unschooling. Our children do not hear that they can have their own businesses \\"someday.\\" They have them NOW. They have such a head-start in comparison to children in school when it comes to living in the real world, pursuing their passions and making money from them. Our family has many businesses at this point in our life with multiple streams of income. Our children have learned so much about marketing and business through living a connected life rich with resources to nurture their interests. I want my children to know that they can always have whatever they want in life, but sometimes they need to get creative to manifest what they want. This includes the desire to help others in various ways. We recently wanted to buy my parents a Vitamix blender and we pulled together as a family to figure out how we could make money to do that for them.\""
"3865" "\"Tunisia’s secularist will look with anxiety to an Egypt which has turned further to the right. Coupled with Ennahdha’s moderate rhetoric, secularist alarmism has mostly fallen on deaf ears in Tunisia. Most Tunisians simply do not see their country following the path of Iran or Saudi Arabia, and the Algerian civil war – with its complex moral narrative – is already a decade in the past. An Egypt which has turned toward the extreme would provide secularists with a narrative that could be a call to action among secular sympathizers in the country.\""
"3866" "\"1. How I Met Your Mother\""
"3867" "\"This contemplation may begin at the level of the mind but in time it descends into the depths of our being and takes us over completely. It pervades our feelings and perceptions as well as our thoughts.\""
"3868" "\"The pensive fair maiden\""
"3869" "\"MR. STEWART (USPTO): Well, first of all the only ruling that we're -- backtrack a bit, to say, we oppose,sir, in this case because we recognize that there are difficult problems out there in terms of patentability of software innovations and medical diagnostics.\""
"3870" "\"I’m not sure what he did, but between the three of us, we somehow got it back up…for two seconds. The wind quickly slammed it down the other way.\""
"3871" "\"You need to sponsor and pass a law regarding the right to freedom of speech. I suggest you mandate every citizen be required to buy a computer and desktop publishing software so that they may exercise their freedom of speech and create newsletters. How about blogs? That way, they won't have to depend on the productive people who already own computers. Similarly, you could mandate we buy Bibles, or the religious document of our choice, so that we can practice our right to freedom of religion.\""
"3872" "\"Something Like Love\""
"3873" "\"2 lengths of ribbon approx 5 inches in length\""
"3874" "\"As you will see in the post, which follows here, all Joan is reduced to, is a steady stream of insults, under the guise of some imaginary friend, a man, nice fellow. Okay, we use insults too, but we also show the dirty deeds that Joan did to us and continues to do while she lies about ourselves and our family…no where do you SEE any dirty deed that we sisters DID TO JOAN presented by Joan. What you always hear about, even in that libelous book, ARE JOAN’S IMPRESSIONS! No documents to prove her points, no witnesses, no nothing. She doesn’t even have the birth family to come to her defense, because they ALL want nothing to do with her.\""
"3875" "\"Pujols’ accomplishments speak for themselves. He will most likely go down as the Mickey Mantle or Ted Williams of this generation.\""
"3876" "\"812220 Cemeteries & crematories\""
"3877" "\"* 12th Annual Spring Sale: crafts & flea market, silent auction, 40+ vendors with hand crafted baked goods, jams & preserves, plants, arts and crafts, a variety of new products, previously loved treasures including books, children’s’ toys, sporting goods, kitchen items, home décor, small furniture & appliances, tools…\""
"3878" "\"To end this post...I'm going to try and post more while I am here but be sure to look forward to words from me when I am back in the states. Going through a deployment I'm going to be spending a lot of time alone but online like old times....some may know what I'll be going through. Anyways, please if you read this send some prayers to us in Japan. I don't really want to leave and it's getting pretty hard these days since I am leaving VERY SOON :c\""
"3879" "\"Kimi Raikkonen is in dominant form all weekend. He starts from pole position and is never headed, although a Safety Car after the start gives him plenty of think about. Juan Pablo Montoya finishes seventh in the second MP4-20 in his first race back from injury.\""
"3880" "\"Here are a few of my projects:\""
"3881" "\"One group of the Sisters had a hospital named Pleasure Gardens on New Earth, nearby New New York. This hospital was created before the Humans got there and was created to deal with all their diseases. They had cures for nearly every known ailment and were able to heal their patients with remarkable efficiency. Many of the treatments shouldn't have been discovered for at least a thousand years, according to the Doctor.\""
"3882" "\"“If it’s not normal then…”\""
"3883" "\"Yeast – Again, the yeast really depends on you. For this beer, I find that the dry Nottingham strain does a very very good job. Crisp, clean, fruity. The Whitbread strain is a perennial favorite so give that a go. If you can find it, the Timothy Taylor strain is brilliant in any dry, crisp golden bitter…thing.\""
"3884" "\"On who the government was suspecting, the minister said, “We are not suspecting anybody. It is a security challenge but we are on top of the situation. We have the wherewithal to investigate the matter and we will get experts from anywhere to assist us because issues like this involve partnership”.\""
"3885" "\"the lovebirds\""
"3886" "\"Body Movers by Stephanie Bond – I think this is another similar leading lady with Carlotta, as well as another torn decision between so many men popping up in her life! I think if you liked this one as well, definitely pick up Buying Time!\""
"3887" "\"520- I like opening mail during christmas!\""
"3888" "\"CNN Political Unit\""
"3889" "\"Too much to lose.\""
"3890" "\"They do pay taxes : ’13 percent: The tax rate Exxon paid last year, lower than the average American family’.\""
"3891" "\"Need I say more?\""
"3892" "\"“You have to make a living,” she protested.\""
"3893" "\"After the spacing is tweaked, I begin working the ribbon into the branches of the tree. This is where you will be very happy you have wired ribbon! You want to make it look flowy - not too contrived - but also balanced. This is not an easy task, so give yourself lots of time. And keep stepping away from the tree to see how it's coming. (You will be doing a lot of this. Count it as your workout for the day.)\""
"3894" "\"BONUS! Sarai is offering a 20% discount on the pattern for Sew-Along participants during the month of January. Please use the promo code MPBNEGRONI (It MUST be entered in all caps) to enjoy the discount.\""
"3895" "\"And speaking of hoping...have you heard about the fun MilSpouse Appreciation Day Blog Hop being sponsored, starting this Friday, by the lovely ladies at Riding the Roller Coaster and Household 6 Diva? This Friday is MilSpouse Appreciation Day and the hop starts at noon! It is going to be a great way to discover and read new MilSpouse blogs and hopefully meet some new friends! For the rules of the hop and how to get linked up, stop by Riding the Roller Coaster or clicking on the link below.\""
"3896" "\"Better make them feel long instead of “a lot less”.\""
"3897" "\"It is Friday. The beginning of the weekend with the MoS. He's had a busy week at work, with lots of little things accomplished, and two days spent teaching a group of workers safety stuff. It will be time to kick back and relax tonight when he gets home and I get to his place. Yay!\""
"3898" "\"4.) avoid delusions of grandeur, and just as importantly\""
"3899" "\"Jesus is about healing and restoring. That is the process of His church, His people and even your life.\""
"3900" "\"It all starts with the buns and these babies are big ‘uns. They appear to be New England style buns, the type used at lobster shacks to hold a ton of stuff. They’re tall, doughy, slightly sweet and grilled nicely. They put those big buns to use by loading up the toppings to an absurd degree. For some folks, that may fly in the face of tradition. There’s no reason you can’t order your dog more reasonably topped. I enjoyed the topping craziness myself.\""
"3901" "\"But then something very strange happened!\""
"3902" "\"Ok another big RPG/action game. Third time around this could be the big finale of the series and I guess this ip has a lot of fans waiting to try out either the female or male version of Shepard. I have a huge respect for Bioware and a lot of excitement for this 3rd game in the series – reports also reveal a multiplayer feature in the game and from the looks of it, it seems even more action orientated than its predecessors – looking a bit like a Gears of War RPG in space.\""
"3903" "\"9. Rock Me\""
"3904" "\"Agriculture, automobile and shipbuilding industries once employed workers in their millions or more. Today, they employ a tiny proportion of the population. Feudalism, which preceded modern capitalism, and communism, which competed with it, engaged many more people. Communism failed because, despite all its idealism, it was conservative, nationalistic and coercive. The capitalist system suffers from the same type of orthodoxy today. It is polluted by narrow individualism and nationalism.\""
"3905" "\"Hello, lovely readers of Sparrow & Urchin! Meg from Don Juan's Reckless Daughter here and lucky me(!!) to have been given my very own guest post while Lauren and Tripp make there trek across the country. I am so excited for them...though, admittedly, I'm longing for that kind of an adventure myself. For now, the hills and canyons of Los Angeles are my playground. I have lived in LA for about 5 years and Laurel Canyon (my neighborhood) is one of my absolute favorite places in this city. It is a particularly good place to explore with your doggies because there are loads of trails, winding roads and vantage points (plus a very large dog park up on Mulholland).\""
"3906" "\"And yet, do we approach Him as a dad? Most of us have never even considered Him on these terms. We just think of Him as “the Big Guy in the sky”, or “the Man upstairs”. Often we think of Him as “the Punisher”, watching and waiting for an opportunity to smite us, but the more one contemplates this concept of God as our dad, the more sense it makes.\""
"3907" "\"Lib Dem? Before the last general election, they seemed like one of the few remotely credible choices. Untainted by any association with the recent interventionist policies (i.e. wars) of the last decade or so - but then, untainted by any association with office. Seemingly left of centre, and certainly left of New Labour. Obviously since the election it's been a totally different story and they are forever tainted as the enablers in the coalition government, over and above any restraints they claim to have brought to bear on the Conservatives.\""
"3908" "\"I am entering this one into a few challenges.\""
"3909" "\"… looking back as we drive away, anxious to get moved in\""
"3910" "\"So, about my camera. I’m pretty sure it’s kaput, but I’m going to take it to Best Buy just to make sure. I’m sad because this was my birthday gift from my dad three years ago, but life goes on. Ironically, I was out to dinner with my dad when the “accident” occurred (“accident” is code for me being a doofus).\""
"3911" "\"life, dry.\""
"3912" "\"The plan today is however very different and now that it covers the embedded income generated by an an innovative business making a profit, it does seem to have the real potential to encourage innovation and the exploitation of patented technology.\""
"3913" "\"After the pirates invade, the krewe jumps off the ship, \\"captures\\" the mayor, and steals the key to the city.\""
"3914" "\"It takes much more time to rate a player who competes against lower levels of competition--and is certainly more of a guessing game.\""
"3915" "\"From the darkness that pools,\""
"3916" "\"Plus I didn’t kill anyone, which is always a massive bonus.\""
"3917" "\"“Roger, payload is okay,” Engen then calls into the headset that keeps him in contact with the Atlantis II. The pilot lets water gush into the floats.\""
"3918" "\"\\"If Mr Simonetti wants more money than the insurance pay-out he needs to take some action either through his insurance or the ombudsman from either the insurance or motor industry.\""
"3919" "\"I was watching the interview with the potential sperm donor and he brought some before pictures of her. She doesn’t look anything like she does now.\""
"3920" "\"See that shiny fabric (roughly in the center)? The one to the left of my husband's initials from his work shirts?\""
"3921" "\"No matter how depressed or how elated or tired you feel, do not skip any meal. Skipping a meal is not going to make you feel better in any way.Instead you are going to feel more depressed and tired. Try to eat what will make you feel better.But that does not meal you can eat a pack of your favorite biscuit for breakfast and a plum cake for lunch.Choose the right food and have a nutritious snack in between.\""
"3922" "\"Now the theme this time is 'Things with Wings'..... so of course, in my mind, it has to be a fairy or a butterfly... but thats just my way of thinking... lots of other things have wings too..\""
"3923" "\"If anyone is interested in my personal definition of what marriage is – or should be – then it’d be something like this.\""
"3924" "\"corruption agencies. An aviation ministry source said the project was\""
"3925" "\"To derive benefit from using ROE, you need to decide what your goals are, and how to measure your performance against them.\""
"3926" "\"I had brain-block again today. Even though it's due on Wednesday. Curses! And it was actually my mental curses that inspired me to write today's writing lesson.\""
"3927" "\"Now on to the food I had the egg, ham & cheese waffle sandwich with a rosemary béchamel sauce on top.\""
"3928" "\"spiritual realm of God.\""
"3929" "\"It was while the dam was under construction that the initial hostilities of the Civil War broke out. On April 12, 1861 at 4:30 a.m. Confederate forces opened fire on Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina. During the Civil War, Thomas Ray’s father-in-law, Levi J. Knight, and his future son-in-law Henry H. Knight both served in the 29th Georgia Volunteer Infantry. Thomas himself, was a major in the 138th Battalion, 6th Military District, Lowndes, County, GA. There is no record that this unit saw active duty during the war.\""
"3930" "\"and he brought a down-to-earth conviction to any role he played;\""
"3931" "\"What if I created a TEAM of girls who would be my advisors during the writing process? These girls live ON the inside. They are teens NOW! They are a wealth of knowledge that I can't pretend to have. They could contribute their thoughts and feelings and be quoted throughout the book.\""
"3932" "\"and play with more children,\""
"3933" "\"Waist = Equator\""
"3934" "\"-Now that I have the kitchen done, my next mission is the hall bathroom, my bathroom and my bedroom. All need new paint. Am I getting paid? No. Fuck that. Someone should be paying me!\""
"3935" "\"Hope this helps.\""
"3936" "\"From the very beginning, Roberta Lee Streeter seemed to know exactly what she wanted, and had the charm, skill, and talent to get it. Five years of recording took her from a Mississippi farm to Vegas and riches beyond most people's dreams. Then, simply, she got bored, poured her artistic ambitions into one last album, and quit while she was still at the top. Her catalogue is almost faultless. As a blueprint for ambitious feminists, the Bobbie Gentry story is hard to trump.\""
"3937" "\"Highschool.\""
"3938" "\"The research was presented at the most recent International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC). The team will work next to build an entire working imaging system based on the CMOS terahertz system.\""
"3939" "\"What if you didn't work here? Would I be happier and enjoy my job more?\""
"3940" "\"For the TLC we were limited with what we could use -- nothing modern such as dies, embossing folders, or an abundance of patterns and ribbons..... I cut the border with pinking shears, used one piece of patterned paper, pierced the edge, and added a little ribbon. Didn't break any challenge rules!\""
"3941" "\"Would answer me all unsaid.\""
"3942" "\"Allowing love means being willing to go out on dates and explore the possibilities of a relationship. Allowing love means getting out of your head and stepping into your heart because love cannot be attracted or found with the head. It’s PURELY an affair of the heart. Choosing who to be in a relationship with and/or who to marry is a matter for the head.\""
"3943" "\"In 1959 she began a brief romance with Frank Sinatra that ended when he tried to get her to participate in a threesome. Still, she accepted his invitation to come to Las Vegas to see him at the Sands hotel, where he was filming Oceans 11 and performing at night with the Rat Pack consisting of Dean Martin, Sammy Davis jr., Joey Bishop and Peter Lawford, brother-in-law of JFK (he was married to JFK’s sister Patricia). It was there that she met JFK in February of 1960. Judith claimed not to know who he was or that he was running for President of the United States. Apparently spending three hours a day getting ready didn’t leave much time for reading newspapers of newsmagazines. Although there were other people at the table, Judith wrote that JFK spent all his time focused on her. “It was as if every nerve and muscle in his whole body was poised at attention. As I was to learn, Jack Kennedy was the world’s greatest listener.”\""
"3944" "\"13. Your Friend's Brother\""
"3945" "\"Puppies need lots of socialization when they are little..the more people and situations they are exposed to the better. He got great exposure to kids with their little hands, quick movements and excited voices.\""
"3946" "\"The father, Ahmed Abuhamda, denies any wrongdoing, saying he followed the couple’s divorce decree when he moved the children from the Kansas City suburb of Overland Park to the Middle East in February.\""
"3947" "\"It That ? had upset her more than the their? vacant denials.\""
"3948" "\"Good News Everyone!\""
"3949" "\"You say: “That’s a good girl” sending the message that she is only a good girl when she does something good.\""
"3950" "\"This put me in an awkward situation: I couldn't exactly cut a year's worth of beard to keep the rule, and then instantly grow it back once I had permission. I also didn't want to let down the numerous projects which were now counting on me, though. But I couldn't register, get a student ID, use library computers, print on campus, or take tests in the testing center with an as-yet-unauthorized, highly conspicuous, year's-length beard.\""
"3951" "\"Back together again…the friendship stronger than ever. We had reached an important crossroads in our relationship with each other what with all of Helena’s drama and subsequent episodes, but like the kindred spirits that we are, we rallied as one in support and love and we held it together. Now we’re back in full force stronger and closer than we were before, ready and set to go!\""
"3952" "\"It is changing the landscape of education.\""
"3953" "\"He was running out of road, he was running out of breath\""
"3954" "\"As one of my colleagues have named the event… it was purely SHOWBIZ… plucking the prejudiced heartstrings of Filipinos who whine yet do not act, of constant critics but do not provide for alternatives; of Filipinos influenced to clap for something that they do not fully understand.\""
"3955" "\"During the battle Jonah accidentally hits a tree and the handle on his tomahawk breaks. Noh-Tante holds Jonah down and gloats that he had weakened the handle so that it would break. Jonah, about to die, grabs the knife he keeps in the collar of his coat & stabs Noh-Tante. Jonah has broken Apache law by using a weapon other than the tomahawk and he must pay a price. The chief explains that Jonah had saved his life once but then killed his son, so the world must know that Jonah is half good & half evil. They tie Jonah between two poles and press a heated tomahawk into the right side of his face. He is kicked out of the camp & told that he will be killed if he ever returns.\""
"3956" "\"The recent Occupy Wall Street movement has caused my natural cynicism and my natural populism to collide in a most confusing way. On the one hand I love anything that involves sticking in to the plutocracy, but on the other hand I wonder who is paying for the data plans that are allowing the youth of America to tweet the revolution.\""
"3957" "\"To round things out, we fried up some okra. We've always had success with our cornmeal coating, but Cranky, for some reason, followed a recipe. Pow-la Deeeeeeen! Y'all let us dah-yown! The batter didn't stick. At all. Ah well.\""
"3958" "\"246Clouds interpose, waves roar, and winds arise.\""
"3959" "\"Even if the benefits were not there, my husband and I would still feel compelled to make music with our kids; that's just how we are. There are so many instruments in our home that we can hardly name them all: acoustic and electric guitars, ukulele, folk harp, synth, piano, harmonicas, bongos, etc.\""
"3960" "\"The continuing focus on regional Australia has seen more funding being directed into regional tertiary education. 36% of Australian live in regional areas. Regional Australia lords over 67% of the national economic assets and economically productive activity.\""
"3961" "\"Anyway, as we read, we work on all of our skills...context clues, plot, main idea, details, fact/opinion, summary, etc...the possibilities are endless. Each night, their homework is to write about what we've read (a chapter), but I will ask them a STAAR question stem that they have to answer. (We do this in class, as well.) This idea has really sent me on a more open learning path with them. And it holds their interest!!\""
"3962" "\"One of my personal favourites this year, a pair of lovers flee their New England town, which causes a local search party to fan out and find them. Directed by Wes Anderson and starring Bruce Willis, Bill Murray and Edward Norton. Out May 25th\""
"3963" "\"There is a down side to this, as while genetically modified salt resistant and drought resistant crops will certainly help alleviate the Chinese as well as world food shortages, GM crops have been known to have side effects.\""
"3964" "\"The next day we also went to Harajuku & Shibuya - so much to explore still!\""
"3965" "\"Martyn LeNoble - bass, cello\""
"3966" "\"They have experienced so much pain to be 15. It's heartbreaking. Disease, tragedy, heartbreak. It is all in this novel, and it is handled with SUCH delicacy- such care- that you can't help but want- to NEED them to heal themselves.\""
"3967" "\"please hold your applause until I have finished.\\"\""
"3968" "\"The artistically fascinating aspect of Hogancamp's doll house is that his particular appropriation of this societal devil incarnate or Platonic ideal of national sin is communicated through a media that is screaming out kitch, but the episodes of Hogan's Heroes he storyboards and photographs are dead serious. A working-class folk artist, it is reasonable to speculate that Hogancamp's educational exposure to sophisticated treatments of the WWII narrative has been minimal. Be this as it may, his use of GI Joe action figures and Barbie dolls reflects his very modest economic means when it comes to procuring the necessary material supplies for his artistic expression. That he is able to overcome the popular perception of these objects as automatically signifying nothing more than toys for kids - without a trace of irony - is of itself testament to the power of sincerity in art.\""
"3969" "\"The new Play Store app also improves the way you can sort reviews. It lets you sort reviews by either the most helpful or the most recent. It also lets you apply a filter so you see only the reviews for the latest version of an app, or only the reviews done by people with the same phone (or tablet) as you are using. Given that apps can behave quite differently between updates, or across the different hardware and software combinations used in the Android ecosystem, we find this to be a welcome set of improvements to the app discovery process.\""
"3970" "\"So share with me YOUR tips.\""
"3971" "\"In taking account of these factors, what logic was applied? Did the delay caused by both events cause the horses to become so difficult to control that the riders could not be blamed? If so, then how can the jockeys have been guilty of the offence(s)? Or did the delay justify in some odd way the jockeys’ behaviour? If the latter is the case, then what is on offer is a post-National dispensation from what the riders were instructed to do pre-National, so no offence there either.\""
"3972" "\"This is the first challenge for the most of our newest Dt members and i want to again welcome them all to our team... WELCOME TO Creative craft challenges we hope you enjoy your time with us here,\""
"3973" "\"Have fun, and I should have a back to school give away here pretty soon!\""
"3974" "\"they were at their peak of popularity.\""
"3975" "\"- Favorite fictional characters from Television\""
"3976" "\"One day she was at a jewelry show and saw a former student also vending and at her booth she was selling those same distinctive beads she'd been taught to make. The beadmaker was angry and upset and pulled all her similar beads from her table.\""
"3977" "\"I hope you have enjoyed my shadowbox Easter card and you'll come back soon to see all of the fantastic Easter creations by my talented fellow designers!\""
"3978" "\"Some of us are ‘loners’ either through choice or circumstances, but I don’t think that we were ever meant to be by ourselves, that we ‘operate’ better in a social context if we are not without any links.\""
"3979" "\"Course, it was worth every penny of it......see #12! lol\""
"3980" "\"It depends on her mood\""
"3981" "\"A few years ago we were in the South of France for that special day.\""
"3982" "\"I just love Charlie Brown and the Great Pumpkin. Reminds\""
"3983" "\"It was not long ago when I started my preparation for the Rajasthan Odyssey due in December, 2010 when I realized that the trip was turning out to be much more expensive than I thought. Nevertheless, I started taking steps to cut down expenses by thinking of not buying the touring jacket I had planned to, by looking for really shit cheap hotels, by saying bye-bye to the DSLR camera I wished I’d buy. But still, it wasn’t working. It was all because major of my funds were being spent on hotel bills where I’d spend the night. I actually thought of camping out during the course of the trip but I knew what December has to offer in Rajasthan. I was on the verge of cancelling the trip as I did not want to ask for any more money from home but when a friend posts a status message on Facebook, ‘ Going to meet some couch surfers tonight’. And aloha !! *Click!\""
"3984" "\"Old Waterstone's is as dead as a doornail.\""
"3985" "\"But I did a little something today! With the impending arrival of our second child, I've found myself needing to return to the images of the arrival of our first child. I started playing around with some images from that time and thought I'd share what I came up with.\""
"3986" "\"So it is with great excitement that I await Lower Den‘s sophomore album, Nootropics. And I can say now that it is worth the wait. Named appropriately after the smart drug and memory enhancer, Nootropics is even more psychedelic and experimental than its predecessor. There’s a dullness to the steadying beats of the songs that lulls you to a sense of discomfort that is paradoxically enjoyable.\""
"3987" "\"We spent each day bouncing from house to house spending time with each person, catching up on lost time, meeting for the first time in my case, and enjoying the time together learning about Jeff's youth and time before his arrival in Kentucky.\""
"3988" "\"*Duck Pond (adding numbers together)\""
"3989" "\"The routers plunge assembly -\""
"3990" "\"And now, tomorrow, is back to work day, oh joy! Throwing in days off, a weeks holiday has worked out to nearly a fortnight away from there. Thankfully most of the jet lag is now sorted, though its certainly taken a while to get to that point. Blessing is, its a short day tomorrow, with an early afternoon start, so I should cope. The bad news, it means the rest of the week isnt so pretty lol! I’ll survive though, I’m sure.\""
"3991" "\"Prep Time: 20 min\""
"3992" "\"garlic powder (I don't recommend whole cloves. They are delicious, but even 2 can completely destroy the dish. Garlic powder gives you more control)\""
"3993" "\"Lloyd Brown, 28, Bronxville, N.Y.\""
"3994" "\"Prius: iPhone. (She had a shattered one, but the Faux Hottie gave her his old one.)\""
"3995" "\"Caesar translation for exam:\""
"3996" "\"I'm sitting here alone again\""
"3997" "\"Text and Pics: Adrián Soto\""
"3998" "\"There is that unmistakable feeling in the air, so difficult to define, yet so very easy to perceive. The sun has gained in strength beyond belief, shining stronger and longer. Finding a spot in our garden, shielded from the westerly winds, I can sit outside for the first time this year, savoring its vital warmth.\""
"3999" "\"I’m the keeper of nightmares\""
"4000" "\"How do you feel about the new CAPTCHA/reCAPTCHA?\""
"4001" "\"The core of your wardrobe is the very foundation on which it is built. Like a home, without a firm foundation, there is little to support is walls. Get a great core, foundational wardrobe that consists of pants, skirts, jackets and dresses that fit your body.\""
"4002" "\"First Date\""
"4003" "\"I did buy and send a book about adoption to my phone. I’ll make the phone calls I need to make when I can.\""
"4004" "\"one banana\""
"4005" "\"The app is very user friendly with the opening screen giving you the option to read sounds, write letters and use the phonics to blend.\""
"4006" "\"Who else is obsessed with these books? Now that I've read the first book, I can't wait to see the movie. Since E didn't get back until around midnight, I was on my own for dinner. My friend Daphne told me about the zucchini pizza she made last week and I knew I had to try it. I came across some goat cheese with basil at the store and my creation was born. This pizza is satisfying and bursting with flavor and nutrition!\""
"4007" "\"So lets move on to my second point. Annoying people.\""
"4008" "\"HCPC 3341 Church in the Wildwood PreCut Set\""
"4009" "\"Comparing JessiMon’s guest-regular MD relationship to an open relationship points out an inevitable problem. The green eyed monster does not discriminate. Even those in an open relationship are susceptible to jealousy. Jessica still feels a tinge of jealousy (whether she admits it or not!) when she finds out that Ramon has other regular guests, particularly when the guest is female and has bar fined Ramon. Jess even felt jealous when she found out about Ramon’s special gay friend and saw photos of them together.\""
"4010" "\"ISBN: 9780763655495; Published February 2012 by Candlewick; Borrowed from the library; Purchased for the library\""
"4011" "\"Freemasons, along with the targeted theft of vast masonic archives, many\""
"4012" "\"As soon as I received the invitation I couldn’t wait to get dressed up! I haven’t gone out to any type of event since the birth of my son and was aching to wear something that didn’t consist of jeans/yoga pants/flats/sweatshirts etc.\""
"4013" "\"Leather and lace, darks and lights, femininity and androgyny .\""
"4014" "\"6. From Fortress Monroe to the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel, up Rt. 13 to Rt. 175 and out to Chincoteague. The Bay Bridge-Tunnel is worth every dollar I've ever paid to cross it. The technological wonder, the isolation in fog, the excitement of seeing the battleship Iowa curving about at high speed in the bay and the quiet power of a nuclear attack sub slipping out on the surface one foggy afternoon. Eastern Shore is a world apart, and Chincoteague even more so.\""
"4015" "\"One thing that really ticks me off about snarky, self-consciously hip flicks—and Todd Phillips’ Road Trip immediately comes to mind, but I’m sure there are others (mumblecore, I don’t trust you!)—is that they make a character an obvious and devout Christian for no other reason but to mock that person further, so stupid “crazy” things come out of the character’s mouth. It’s a cheap shot, and usually done without a point. The dickhead R.A. at the dorm from Road Trip doesn’t need to be a Xian just for more cheap shots.\""
"4016" "\"04.Can't You See\""
"4017" "\"Inspired by the best traditions of scholarly journals worldwide, Trade, Law and Development seeks to explore inter-disciplinary perspectives on the international legal order, focusing on issues of relevance to the international trading system, environment and development; as well as policy issues. In keeping with our institutional belief that knowledge is empowerment, TL&D seeks to establish itself as an authority in these areas and contribute to the dissemination of ideas and promotion of free thinking in the developing world.\""
"4018" "\"In reality, it was 3 abnormal areas, with the potential to possibly develop into something worse given time. And removal was what was suggested. And I agreed.\""
"4019" "\"But the laugh will be on them — if not for their own families, then for their children’s. The feminist policies that were put in place to help women flourish outside the home have suffocated men’s opportunities for economic self-sufficiency. In short, men’s desire to be good workers and family providers has been undermined. This is more than unfortunate; it is a loss of catastrophic proportions, for it is men’s consistent, full-time, year-round work that women depend on in order to live that ever-coveted “balanced life.” What too many women don’t understand (because they’ve been unduly influenced by feminist groupthink) is that male nature is ultimately beneficial to them, for women continue to put family — not career — at the center of their lives and are thus dependent on men to pick up the slack at the office.\""
"4020" "\"We Have the Power of God’s Word to Exercise Our Authority\""
"4021" "\"Côte de Toul, just west of Nancy is the only Appellation Crontrôlée in the region,having been promoted from VDQS in 2003 and produces a mere 600,000 bottles of wine a year from its 110 hectares. It makes all three colours, but most is made in a Vin Gris or rosé style from Gamay and Pinot Noir – I have yet to try one.\""
"4022" "\"Summer takes a toll on the body, especially a summer with a lot of celebration and a lot of stress-eating/drinking. My summers are always debaucherous and being the virgo that I am i always insist on going super hard and hitting bottom before the requisite Fall productivity mode. (I do this around the holidays, too....its strangely self-destructive and super effective at the same time)\""
"4023" "\"I can't really pick 15 bloggers though because I love all the blogs I read; so if you read this, consider yourself awarded because you all deserve it!\""
"4024" "\"leaving you all alone to guard that very table.\""
"4025" "\"The Mormons can pack up and go home\""
"4026" "\"At his very heart\""
"4027" "\"Mr. Scheve, you see, is himself a former foreign policy aide to none other than Speaker Newt Gingrich in his days as Speaker. While now out on his own and not working for Gingrich, Scheve is considerably conversant with the Gingrich foreign policy record.\""
"4028" "\"And the accessories came from here, there, and EVERYWHERE!\""
"4029" "\"Although Dan Clowes writes and draws all his own stories, the real art of this piece is how the hell this middle-aged man managed to nail the thoughts and characterisations of these two teenagers so well! The dialogue is spot-on, and the relationship between the girls and their ‘friends’ is agonisingly real. Everyone goes through that awkward 'no longer a kid, not yet an adult' phase, and I guess that's why this book is so easy to relate to. It's one of those stories where, on the face of it, little happens, yet dig a little deeper and it's pretty much the whole of life, wrapped up in eighty odd pages.\""
"4030" "\"Every so often she tries to deep throat but can’t even get me halfway\""
"4031" "\"When flattery leads to compromise, the end is always near\""
"4032" "\"So what's the plan?\""
"4033" "\"24. i share more of myself than i should sometimes. this makes me a very vulnerable person. i am also a pretty naive person as well.\""
"4034" "\"‘The area we lived in was multi-cultural, so school was a mixture of black, white and Asian children. At break times and in the canteen, they’d divide into groups. ‘The black children said I should play with them but I mainly bonded with the white children because they reminded me of my childhood. I felt torn.\""
"4035" "\"Hear from Gary and Norma yourself:\""
"4036" "\"I wanted to continue with all that softness, so I chose to use flannel for the back. The top of my quilt was a little too small for a twin size, so I took a large flannel sheet and cut it down. I used the part I cut down for a border on the top. And the rest of the flannel sheet for the back.\""
"4037" "\"So, if you are an e-reader type person, go ahead, go tell Madam Ladybug that you want in!\""
"4038" "\"Have I told you lately when I'm sleeping\""
"4039" "\"I don’t want Horizon to be a cosy refuge for writers looking for allies and a comfortable place to sleep. I want it to prickle with energy, both negative and positive; to challenge preconceptions about the writing of poetry and fiction; to question methods of criticism and modes of thinking in a frank and open manner.\""
"4040" "\"3And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.\""
"4041" "\"So, a few points on understanding syncretism in a polytheistic context, and from a polytheistic perspective, before we proceed on to the next section of this discussion:\""
"4042" "\"Destiny brought them together. The Gods will keep them apart.\""
"4043" "\"The message of How Evil Works: Understanding and Overcoming the Destructive Forces that are Transforming America by David Kupelian ($26.00, Threshold Editions, an imprint of Simon and Schuster) is stark and simple. There is evil in the world and the author believes that your defense against it is the belief in a higher power and the rules for a moral life that are found in the Old and New Testaments. Though Kupelian does base his book on fundamental religious values, the fact is that many Americans do believe in them even as they see forces at work in the nation to destroy it. The value of the book is the way Kupelian confronts and answers questions many Americans are asking. Why are New Age religions becoming popular along with atheism? Why do so many celebrities and public figures that “have it all” end up self-destructing? Why are Big Lies more believable than little ones? Why are boys doing worse in schools today than girls? Why do we think that the only treatment for mental, emotional, and spiritual problems like anger and depression are drugs? These and many other comparable questions about our society and how it is changing for the worse are addressed. You do not have to be “religious” to be concerned and the book is a tad preachy, but it is also a valuable guide to the evil forces at work in our society today.\""
"4044" "\"My tin will bring me joy. Once it is full I will be able to use the money to spend as I wish. I love the Tin of Hope.\""
"4045" "\"1/4 cup chopped parsley\""
"4046" "\"Tuesday morning - Same red light, although the light dusting of rain onto the dirt ground and absence of rosy cheeked urchins off to school to get on their computers and post Facebook updates that so and so is a skank, I've decided to place my entire happiness on the ability of my sports team to move a piece of leather around a piece of greenery once owned by Aboriginal elders better than 22wo other randomly assorted strangers who have inverted values to my own team. It might be unromantic to describe an AFL Preliminary final in such terms, but I've just been speaking to my unromantic auntie in Scotland. She lives in a street where a romantic gesture is sending a txt msg that doesn't contain a swear word or an insult, so explaining the beauty of an alien Australian based sport down a phone line isn't going to be easy. I say this because 1ne of my teams elder statesmen is on the cover of the newspaper making 1ne of those old persons determined fists photographers have them make when they are close to death or unlikely to be in a physical condition to pose for an action shot. A woman at work walks past later in the day eating 1ne of the morning muffins so generously provided by corporate pseudo generosity, and says 1ne of those strange glib work phrases people feel obliged to say to pass the time. Something like makes you think. I don't know what makes me think these days, but the posed machinations of an elderly gent probably don't do it for me. I drove past a homeless guy on the way home last night - he was propped up in the rain against an ATM machine, his tattered rags the kind of tattered rags other tattered rag wearers would point to and say damn those rags are tattered, his eyes shut, his silhouette a despairing shadow of venom, despair and cheap wine in a cask. Did that make me think? I don't know - maybe. Maybe for as long as it took for the lights to change. That's the usual pattern of attention for the meandering suburban driver. Attention spans last only as long as 1ne colour of light stays constant, or as long as the patter of the radio isn't too inane or bland to make you press the off button...complex social issues? I can't even work my CD changer...\""
"4047" "\"60% chocolate bittersweet Ghirardelli chips\""
"4048" "\"By his wounds you have been healed.\""
"4049" "\"Thanks to Prof. Ecks (who you can find here–>http://77dosesofecks.wordpress.com/) I found a new idea. To do a new song every day. Of course he doesn’t have a schedule or set rules. I need some. So this will me the schedule (I’ll add to it as I go). It will start May 18 and end August 1. I don’t know how many days that is, but it’s pretty long. I’ll delete my previous posts of songs, so you have to follow my song journey. :)\""
"4050" "\"Besides any of my amazing family and friends…. I’d have to start with Jesus…cause…well, he’s Jesus. I’m a religious guy and I could certainly think of a few topics of conversation. Then I would add Jimmy Stewart to the mix. I’m huge fan of his. He’s that classic movie star that played the everyday man so well. Also, I think he and Jesus would hit it off. Well, there likely old friends already, right? Finally, Annie Leibovitz would receive an invite as well. I’m a wedding photographer as well as an actor. So, Annie Leibovitz is a sort of hero of mine in the photography realm. Plus, she could take some kick-ass pics of this outstanding dinner that I’m sure I’ll need proof of when I tell people about.\""
"4051" "\"The second problem was requiring all roads regardless of traffic , to be laid out at standard low maintenance high cpital costs standards. Which at then time he considered unnecessary\""
"4052" "\"a few cups of milk\""
"4053" "\"The novel as self-generating game. What it generates is the game, the rules of the game, rules to reconstruct old and generate new rules. What are rules? Rules are what they do. What do they do? Rules define the parameters of change.\""
"4054" "\"I know that most of you depend greatly on your federal paycheck, and look forward to receiving your federal pension. Millions of us are in a similar boat. We all have bills to pay and kids to feed. However, while you ponder your need for your federal paycheck, remember that FBI also stands for Fidelity, Bravery, and Integrity.\""
"4055" "\"AW the Alchemist has been criticized over the years for honing young talent instead of shipping in “experienced” and “made” footballers. Today’s win will vindicate our faithful manager. Arsenal FC can boast of being financially stable even if we were on a barren spell for almost 6 years. The major reason why Arsenal hasn’t won anything is that there have been injuries to key players when their “experience” was needed to see us through. Things have been a lot different this season because of the sufficient depth in the squad.\""
"4056" "\"2- What is considered a clear case of significant harm to offspring?\""
"4057" "\"As a full-time father, I have the rare opportunity to be immersed in all of this and to be on hand for almost everything that happens to them. While this positionality comes with its ups and downs, the cumulative effect of my experiences with them has been one of great joy. By sending Polly and Pip to preschool I would be giving up some of this, and that is not an idea I relish. More importantly, sending them to preschool effectively outsources all the fun stuff about being a parent while requiring me to spend much of my time playing the less enjoyable roles of nag and chaperone. If the roles were reversed and I got to play with my kids, read books to them, or do art projects with them while someone else cooked, cleaned, and made sure they got out of the door on time, then I would sign up for that immediately. But that’s not how preschool works and so for me, sending my kids to one doesn’t make sense.\""
"4058" "\"The need is urgent. Significant elements of decline in our national performance are absolute rather than relative, and the increasing performance gap between the top and bottom 20 per cent of students (currently equivalent to 5.5 years of schooling by year 9) represents an extraordinary waste of potential human capital.\""
"4059" "\"Just a cute story--\""
"4060" "\"Best when shared! :)\""
"4061" "\"I started calling it the Triangle Circle Quilt...but while descriptive, that's boring. UBG reminds me of the BFG, at least. Which reminds me that I need to start reading Roald Dahl books to the Dude. He was vastly impressed with my Bunnicula books, so I think he'd like Dahl.\""
"4062" "\"But over the years some things grew on me.\""
"4063" "\"boy lilikoi\""
"4064" "\"In China this week’s news report’s are in about Bo Xilai and Bo Jiantu seen here in the picture shaking hands, wearing red badges. In October last year the elections were Triumphant but from the position we are seeing a decline in what was promised before the elections were won. The standing committee are either well pleased or they are not the outcome of which is still yet to be determined.\""
"4065" "\"Here's a close-up of Cocoa:\""
"4066" "\"Most performance reviews are held annually, however you have the freedom to hold them as often as you feel necessary. Some owners hold them every six months; some do so even more frequently.\""
"4067" "\"It took me a few seconds to process what she said. Wow. I've always known that about Katie. I've always felt that she had such a simple and down-to-earth perspective on life and death and loss, and such an endearing way of expressing it. But I know her so well that it's hard to tell if other people can see that or not. And wow, to be told not only that other people can see it, but that it comes through with such striking clarity? Wow. \\"They don't want an actress to play this part, they want Katie. As herself.\\" It doesn't get much clearer than that.\""
"4068" "\"They were accused of breaching the Central Wales Football Association’s regulations, which ban under-11s from taking part in competitive matches. For reasons best known to Nanny, she has decreed that teams belonging to the league must play each other on a friendly basis, with no league table or points being recorded.\""
"4069" "\"We are talking about a good half-decade before the Great War. Our tale is set in 1909. The job market in India was much better then than what it is today. Someone from Shankar’s village used to work in a jute mill in the district town. Shankar’s mother talked to this man’s wife — may be there would be some opportunity for him. The gentleman came to Shankar’s house the following day, he would try utmost to find Shankar a job.\""
"4070" "\"- You must link directly to the specific post.\""
"4071" "\"Seeking good barbeque catering is not a difficult task today in the age of computer and internet. You can ask about a good caterer around from your friends and family for their suggestion in this regard. Apart of these, internet is a great place to collect all the relevant information about a caterer as you have the opportunity to read reviews about them right then and there.\""
"4072" "\"Tau Cheo (Preserved soya bean) is one of the most commonly used ingredients in Chinese cooking. It is a great ingredient that can bring out the flavours in a dish.\""
"4073" "\"We set the spinnaker and started reaching back toward the finish. Again, we worked the Bainbridge Island shore to avoid the typical hole around University Point. We had a nice reach down Port Orchard with a good boost from the now ebbing current. I worked at keeping the boat sailing to it's target speeds. I have found recently, that when I go off my Polars, I get cranky and slow. Life is much better when I am on my Polars!\""
"4074" "\"But the future postseason structure will bring change. A four-team setup would create two semifinals, which might take place within the current bowl structure, but most likely will not. The semis could take place at on-campus sites belonging to the higher seeds, a plan Delany advocates, or at neutral sites like Indianapolis’ Lucas Oil Stadium and Detroit’s Ford Field. The Edward Jones Dome in St. Louis? Beats facing LSU in NOLA.\""
"4075" "\"- Douglass\""
"4076" "\"There's a slight but considerable danger\""
"4077" "\"I found the recipe at Recipe Girl and while I found the idea enticing, I was a bit skeptical that the pancakes would turn out to taste like a cinnamon roll.\""
"4078" "\"\\"Al doesn't know what's funny!\\"\""
"4079" "\"Having never been a part of the taping for a show, it was all very exciting for me. We were cued for applause, saw Jimmy get his makeup touch-ups (Obama either had his makeup done backstage or was going for more of the natural look), and bore witness to all that goes behind putting on a show. Well worth all the waiting in line. Seniors were given preference for tickets for the show and luckily, or unluckily depending on how you look at it, I am a senior and was a selected! However, this also meant waiting in line for 2+ hours and calling my boss to tell him I would be late to work to get a ticket. When the president is visiting your school, exceptions have to be made.\""
"4080" "\"The other main reason I have trouble really committing to losing weight is actually very simple: it can be totally alienating. Say what you will, but it is my personal experience that, particularly in my age group, the primary means of social interaction occur over food and drink. Sure, there's the old, \\"soda water and lime\\" trick, but if you've ever actually tried it, you probably know that one of two things is likely to happen: 1) while you're gettin' fizzed, everyone else is getting buzzed, having a great time and giving you the stabbies because, who knew? drunk people are annoying as all hell; or 2) someone catches onto your little trick, and the next thing you know there is an ACTUAL vodka soda sitting on the table in front of you, not to mention a plate of nachos and queso dip staring you down from 2 chairs away. Peer pressure is real, yo.\""
"4081" "\"I have had the honor of designing for Sketches4All. I love the warm community, the great gallery, contests, and challenges our members offer. It is always a joy to share my life and my work there!\""
"4082" "\"Another busy week in the Working Mum house.\""
"4083" "\"When you consider who wrote the music as it evolved, it makes sense. The music on the first album was written almost entirely by Brian, Mikal and I over many 12 packs of beer. The second album was written almost entirely by the horns and Mike Bitz. The influences are very evident on the respective albums.\""
"4084" "\"Less than 12 hours after a train was stalled at Clementi MRT station for 20 minutes due to a ‘train fault’, trains to Pasir Ris along the East-West line were delayed for 30 minutes this morning as a result of a ‘train fault’ yet again.\""
"4085" "\"Not quite as shabby as I'd prefer but it's a good start. Once I'm in the swing of things again, I'll be bringing out the sewing machine and cutting up strips of lace. But for now, I've kept this fairly clean and simple.\""
"4086" "\"1/2 cup dried currants, or raisins\""
"4087" "\"Accessories-Sponging, Cuttlebug Embossing Swirls Folder, Half Pearls, Decorative Doily Due Die-Namics by My Favorite Things, Ribbons, Machine Stitch, Dimensionals, Oval Template, Copics\""
"4088" "\"However, the more I thought about it, the more upset I became. I have been very uneasy about Jimmy for the past week (i.e. the insomnia of last Thursday night). My women’s/mother’s intuition has been on high alert. I haven’t been able to sleep because I am worried that Jimmy will do something in the night. (I think this worry comes from the knowledge that we all have that Jimmy will no longer be with us after June 8, and I feel he may go rogue in retaliation.) This incident, laughable as it may seem, has been plaguing me today.\""
"4089" "\"Her comments followed the tweets: “@shilpitewari it has to be consensual or else he can much better/younger girls if he wants to exploit.”\""
"4090" "\"Too often the pressure for popularity, on children and teens, places an economic burden on the income of the father, so mother feels she must go to work to satisfy her children’s needs. That decision can be most shortsighted.\""
"4091" "\"At what point on this scale does the God give man the soul? We have no way really of knowing, self awareness certainly becomes a factor early on in the scale, does that mean the soul is entered there? At what point then are we God's design?\""
"4092" "\"thanks for dropping by my blog and leaving me some love\""
"4093" "\"We stayed in nearby Bellingham at the Riverdale Hall Country House Hotel. That was nice if a bit pricey. Food and service were excellent.\""
"4094" "\"The change of age .When we got him I was 12 ready to turn 13 ,and he was just a little kitty . Then most of the time ,we seemed the same age ,kind of like a little bro .But I remember the time he started to slow down ,and he would look at me and see that\""
"4095" "\"But even if Egyptian Nefertiti was that beautiful, remember Cleopatra was not Egyptian. She was a Macedonian Greek, a descendant of Ptolemy, one of Alexander the Great's commanders.\""
"4096" "\"After you have registered and checked-in, you will have to go through a briefing. This briefing is kinda like a crash course into skydiving, where the instructor will teach you how to position your body during the flight. And because while you are in the wind tunnel, the wind is going to be strong so you won't be able to anything (including instructions) other than the wind ,so you will also be taught how to recognize the hand signals the instructors will be giving you while in-flight.\""
"4097" "\"“Just because I said, ‘I’m a fish’ does that make me a fish?” I asked. They all shook their heads no. “So,” I continued, “the same applies to you cleaning your rooms. Just because you say ‘I will’ or ‘okay’ doesn’t mean you’ll do it”. At this point they looked intrigued. “So don’t tell me anymore that you will or agree with me the fact you need to do it. Simply clean your room, SHOW me you’re serious”.\""
"4098" "\"Prior to 2011, I would groan about every birthday party invitation the girls received because of the presents I would have to buy. Now, not only is it easier to buy without fearing it will break my budget, I also am much better about only spending what we can afford. Because the girls (and their friends) are older, I'm usually okay with just giving cash. It saves on wrapping, time and effort, and $10 itself may not be very much, but the recipients are thrilled to add it to their stash.\""
"4099" "\"In many ways, this unassuming and largely overlooked compilation does a better job of exploring the more obscure side of Ardent's late-sixties and seventies output than the much more high profile Thank You Friends comp. Focusing primarily on the production work of Terry Manning, who was also moonlighting at Stax at the time, this set features some of the lesser known, but no-less essential, highlights from Ardent's heyday. Criminally ignored power-pop bands such as Cargoe and The Hot Dogs are represented, as well as a couple of wonderfully over-the-top late-sixties solo tracks from Manning himself.\""
"4100" "\"If you're a Tweeter it's perfectly acceptable, and encouraged, to let all of your followers know when your book releases, when you received your new cover, or where your edits stand. Of course, it's also encouraged to let them know where you are on vacation, what you're eating for dinner, what you're reading and other more personal bits of information.\""
"4101" "\"Been laying on the sofa for days with a rug over me, a jar of Vicks to sniff and 4 seasons of Supernatural to keep me company.\""
"4102" "\"I do not deserve such warmth and kindness but I am so glad that you reached out. I am humbled and teary - yep cried buckets all week - lol!\""
"4103" "\"encompass\""
"4104" "\"His rampage ends with him exploding a car with a pistol. This sequence of events is an incredible bit of trashy horror cinema, outdoing anything in the original movie. Indeed, were it not for the abundance of flashbacks and filler, Silent Night, Deadly Night 2 would make an even better movie than its predecessor. At once, it is one of the best and worst sequels ever made.\""
"4105" "\"Nazri said that if the court cases were to proceed, it could not be settled in two or three years.\""
"4106" "\"That tells us something important – that in this supposed aged of all-encompassing modernity, myths and indeed gods are coming to life just as they always have.This world of animation almost completes eludes the chattering classes to whom India’s diverse peoples are almost an embarrassment in a supposedly global village where everyone is supposed to understand that Mocha is a kind of coffee.\""
"4107" "\"What you do is write down your good habits or something that you are wanting to become a habit and check it off each day and then write down what your reward is for the end of that week. It is supposed to take 21 days to make that thing a good habit in your life! I Love this little pad. So tonight I will sit down and write out my list of habits and check them off each day. I will post my list of habits when I have it done up for you to see. You can find that cute pad at Kikki K - www.kikki-k.com (Can you tell I am a fan of that store! LOL)\""
"4108" "\"All along, since I arrived, there was always this guilt I felt while being with him. Part of me was constantly telling myself I didn't come to Europe for a romance, I came here to find a job and make a life. Then it occurred to me that maybe I got the order wrong, and that I was a fucking fool, because there are plenty of jobs out there but there's only one of him, and there's only this one moment right now that I have, for me.\""
"4109" "\"But you don’t need to imagine, because it is already happening.\""
"4110" "\"My grandmother was born in Dubrovnik. It was 1900, long before the ethnic tensions bubbled over and tore the country apart. Her parents moved to New York City, where her father, who was half Irish, practiced medicine. But Dr. Mooney and his Slavic wife were homesick. They sought other Yugoslavs, others with whom they could speak their language and relax their struggles to become American. They found other immigrants from their world in a creekside Hudson Valley working town a couple of hours north of New York by train. They bought a little farmhouse down the road from the Yugoslav lady who grew grapes and happily returned each summer to remember where they'd come from.\""
"4111" "\"Bloody revenge\""
"4112" "\"Y'all, I got super awe-fabu-wonder-credible news today! No, I didn't win an all-expense-paid 30-day vacation to the Caribbean on a pamper-the-hell-outta-me cruise that includes a scalpel-free full-body rejuvenation, complete with 50-year guarantee and an endless supply of Swedish massages with Sven the manscaped Viking, warm peanut butter crackies, and exotic, um, tingly sensation aromatherapy pleasuring oils. Oooooo, good guess though!\""
"4113" "\"Pounds to reach goal of 113 - 37 pounds\""
"4114" "\"Although we have been pleased with our drivers and guides in Argentina, there is nothing like a familiar face when one is weary at the end of the trail!\""
"4115" "\"One thing I did read which made me chuckle was a post by Simon Johnson about his bug bears of the social media and the online writing scene. It made me laugh because, not only do I agree with some of them, I also indulge in some of them. So tonight I'll give out a shout to Scooper by writing about a Rare Collaboration beer which looks totally AWESOME (yup, I love saying awesome, I bet this is pretty craft too...) ;)\""
"4116" "\"Back facts: There have been seven World Series since that unfortunate one in 1966 that went just four games. The most recent was the 2007 Series when the Red Sox beat the Rockies in four straight.\""
"4117" "\"Guess what’s affected by culture? If you guessed people and, by extension, characters, you get a gold star. Culture and understanding culture can give your characters a point of difference and make them more real, giving your story extra depth.\""
"4118" "\"A new display at the Queensland Museum explores the different versions of George that have featured in the city’s collective imagination of those who knew George, as well as those new to his story.\""
"4119" "\"And his good sword rust; -\""
"4120" "\"Total playing time: 23:36\""
"4121" "\"The boy heard the gunshots firing behind him as he ran, taking in cold air with jagged breaths. He ran, and ran, and ran until he could only hear the sounds of crickets and owls. The boy was lost and alone. He felt tired and hungry, feelings still unfamiliar to him in his present body. Nearly a year has passed since the landing of his \\"spacecraft,\\" as people had called it, and his name and face have spread throughout the West coast, along with rumors of a hefty reward. At last he had arrived to Washington D.C., a place known throughout the galaxy for its tolerance and welcoming of foreign visitors. The darkness was haunting, far more eerie than his bustling home planet which provided constant light and warmth for his people. Oh, if only these humans knew the things he could do to them. Instant vaporization, simply with one thought. But no, he had escaped that life. He was determined to pursue a life on Earth, after all, he had left the West after the incident with his adopted family. He wished to start over.\""
"4122" "\"and it made me laugh\""
"4123" "\"So, is Lizzy 100% potty trained in a day? Nope. But she's miles away from where she was last Thursday, and I'm happy with that.\""
"4124" "\"Sistahs on the Shelf is up for a 2009 Lezzy Award in the Entertainment/Culture category from The Lesbian Lifestyle website. Sistahs needs your nominations, and you can do that by clicking the banner above. Only the top 3 nominated blogs will move on to compete for the winner of this category. You can make one nomination every 24 hours, and be sure to check your email to click on the confirmation link listed there.\""
"4125" "\"And a quick tutorial:\""
"4126" "\"Level 23: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 230 seconds, 81% chance to not get knocked back.\""
"4127" "\"Tenuous Webs\""
"4128" "\"high above the lit-up tiles\""
"4129" "\"Sure, I will freely admit that I think it's good for our national consciousness to have this terrorist eliminated. We've been dragging around this heavy weight for the last ten years; pushing the search for Bin Laden to the back of our minds, and trying the forget that he was the reason we removed the Taliban, bombed and killed hundreds, if not thousands, of civilians in Afghanistan, and somehow tried to legitimize our attack and occupation of Iraq because of either the ties to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda, or because we were worried that Saddam Hussein was going to become another terrorist (I could never exactly figure out their excuse - I don't think I'm alone on this one). Now, at last, the dark cloud has parted, and we can finally say - as a country - that we killed the man responsible for the attacks on the World Trade Center. It is sort of a national catharsis that I think we're in desperate need of, and I think it actually might have an amazing effect on our economy, the salty political discourse, as well as our foreign policy.\""
"4130" "\"AF: There were many inspirations while writing The Hunt, but I feel particularly indebted to Edward Hopper, a painter who once stated that he had a “propensity for solitude.” His work Morning Sun was a painting I returned to time and again, especially during dry spells in my writing. Something about the stark loneliness of the woman on the bed despite (or because of) the sunlight captured the solitude and isolation with which I wanted to fill the pages of this book. I feel indebted to this painting for the way it spoke of loneliness in a manner that was both nuanced and powerful. Hopefully, this layered kind of loneliness came through in the protagonist Gene of The Hunt.\""
"4131" "\"* Tell a caller to hold on for a moment, then leave them waiting on the phone.\""
"4132" "\"butterflies.\""
"4133" "\"Our winner of the fantastic $25 voucher from Simon Says Stamp is...\""
"4134" "\"But to simply caress my chest with its passionate cadence\""
"4135" "\"“Rock Of Ages”\""
"4136" "\"Evening, there was a odissi dance performance by Guru Meera Das and her two young disciples. This is mainly based Jayadeva Astapathi songs[7].\""
"4137" "\"This question isn't meant to be answered literally although most Westerners don't know that so feel it's invasive.\""
"4138" "\"“Really. You like the idea of Ohio?”\""
"4139" "\"It won't be as pretty. Word documents lack the homespun look of a Steiner notebook.Still, I hope it will be a guide for me, as I head into the second half of my home educating career. And pretty or not, something to look back on at the next crossroads and to gain reassurance from. To see goals, ideas, philosophies all met, despite my imperfections and mistakes; to know the path leads to the desired destination, even with its detours and sometimes, its dead ends.\""
"4140" "\"Ghee. Chickenandcowlady has been generously supplying me with ghee. I am MOST grateful. I am not even sure how to say how much I appreciate or express how much I love the stuff. But, curiosity and a sense of independence grabbed hold of me, and I decided that I should try to make it myself. Now, I have no cow, so I knew there was no way I was going to duplicate what I'd been used to. I purchased butter in bulk (4lbs) at Sams, and followed a ghee recipe that CACL had sent me a link to. I think she sent me the recipe, not so much for me to make it, but so I'd understand the process, and what happened as butter was transformed to ghee. (chickenandcowlady is entirely to long, and it ticks my spell checker off every time I type it, so hence forward, CACL is it.)\""
"4141" "\"Behold, a blah secondhand dresser in need of some serious love.\""
"4142" "\"Why chibchombianos? Because one of the first indigenous groups in Colombia were the chibcha ,of course! And as we all know, indigenous groups are uncivilized, uncultured, backwards, and resistant to change. Not to mention, they throw garbage all over their country.\""
"4143" "\"I taught high school and young adult literature for years. One of my favorites is a series written by Ellen Emerson White (using the pseudonym of Zack Emerson). It is the Echo Company series and deals with the Vietnam War. I have read and reread the series, but I never tire of it. Another of those I like is Julius Lester’s novelized version of Shakespeare’s Othello. Lester uses many of the original lines while creating a unique tale that brings tears to ones’ eyes. I would also include Adeline Yen Mah’s Chinese Cinderella. It is the true story of a childhood forgotten.\""
"4144" "\"\\"As in buried? Like dead?\\"\""
"4145" "\"Alex Abella, the author of Soldiers of Reason, is a Cuban-American living in Los Angeles who has written several well-received action and adventure novels set in Cuba and a less successful nonfiction account of attempted Nazi sabotage within the United States during World War II. The publisher of his latest book claims that it is “the first history of the shadowy think tank that reshaped the modern world.” Such a history is long overdue. Unfortunately, this book does not exhaust the demand. We still need a less hagiographic, more critical, more penetrating analysis of RAND’s peculiar contributions to the modern world.\""
"4146" "\"The worst thing you can do is keep the revoke on your regular computer (like a laptop you travel with), and then lose that machine. If you have no copies of your private key… and no copies of your revoke… you have no real way of alerting people and protecting your communications immediately (assuming you’re using a key server).\""
"4147" "\"Had a long week? What can be better than to relax Friday night in a cool venue, great food, and great live music?\""
"4148" "\"I read the newspaper differently now because I write historical fiction. Articles that I once would have skipped over intrigue me because of their connection to what I write.\""
"4149" "\"The Oxford Book of Scottish Short Stories\""
"4150" "\"Step 9: Lay the two large squares on the bottom strip set squares so that the diagonal lines you drew form the bottom point of the heart. Pin so that you will be able to sew ON the marked lines.\""
"4151" "\"and for the record, i don't understand beiber fever either...but i'm pretty sure my mom said that about madonna or cyndi lauper and her grandmother didn't understand elvis and in turn....her mother didn't understand those new fangled short skirts...or kitty wells. so i can let that one go.\""
"4152" "\"Simply, I started to live and simultaneously, very interesting occurrences began to take place in my life, as I have described previously. One of these has been an odd instance of numerology, which continues today still - even in a greater intensity than before - therefore it occupies my thinking, while I am trying to look for answers to this peculiar phenomenon.\""
"4153" "\"As a refresher about what’s included in “total average circulation”:\""
"4154" "\"2. No surgeon will touch her thyroid in her/its current condition\""
"4155" "\"A WIDOW’S HOPE is the first book in The Miller Family Series. I had read the other books in this series but had missed this one, so I got this book so I could read the beginning book. Hannah is very well developed, as are the other characters. Simon and Seth both seem to be main point of view characters as well. I couldn’t understand why Simon disliked Hannah so very much, but Hannah didn’t exactly jump when he said jump.\""
"4156" "\"On the 15th of every month, the Dueling Darlings have a little friendly duel here on our blogs. There's one theme chosen by the two hostesses who send kits to their team members. No one knows what the other team's kits contain until the reveal. It's great fun to see 1.) what the other team had to work with, and 2.) what team members create with the same items.\""
"4157" "\"So like I said, I'm a work in progress. But to show you how the progress is going...\""
"4158" "\"I saw the words \\"organic\\" and \\"pilsner\\" together and I knew it was something I had to try. All the organic brews I've tried have been refreshing and good. When I mean refreshing, I don't mean cheap lager to wash down pizza with, I'm talking about the that unsweetened ice tea in the middle of summer feeling. For a beer with a name like this, it looked a bit cloudy and tasted more tart than I'd expect of a pilsner. There must have been some of that lemon and orange zest in this, which made me not like it as much as I could have. I was really looking for a more clean lightly carbonated beer with a bit of sweetness without the zest.\""
"4159" "\"All turns from the blinking traffic\""
"4160" "\"Last night I returned home from attending Conbust at Smith College in Northampton, MA. It was a remarkable weekend for many reasons. First, because it is the first con I've attended as a panelist, second because I got to hang out with Jane Yolen and Tamora Pierce--two writers who I respect greatly and whose work I admire, and third because of the tone and tenor of the con.\""
"4161" "\"3 finger\""
"4162" "\"Armor saves (extra)\""
"4163" "\"Debbie Jean Cook: Dear Friends, Yes, the email was written by me. No I am not connected to anyone not in good standing. I did it because of my love and respect for LRH and the desire to see us correct situations that need correcting within our group\""
"4164" "\"The crowd stood and sang with Kiedis and bandmates Michael \\"Flea\\" Balzary (bass), Chad Smith (drums) and Josh Klinghoffer (guitar). The band, formed in the early 1980s, rode the alt-rock revolution to stardom. At every turn, the crowd chanted song lyrics and shrieked the members' names.\""
"4165" "\"It gets worse. Manuel tells of shocking death rates, unimaginable inequality, an appalling state of healthcare and high rates of theft as a result of corruption. In short, our country, perceived from the bottom, is in a permanent state of crisis. The black majority is left outside the democratic experiment. Why would a nation engulfed by such challenges choose to take money away from hospitals and schools to host a party?\""
"4166" "\"Two main possible settings: the Rebellion or an era some centuries away from it.\""
"4167" "\"I think my eyes started to open to the prospect of me having a future in the music industry when I began to sign my records, but at the moment this whole experience is still very surreal to me and I’m still coming to terms with what I’ve achieved so far! The real wakeup call however, would have to be being featured in TILLATE magazine and MIXMAG. These are two publications I’ve been reading since I was 17 so to see myself picked from thousands to be featured is truly amazing.\""
"4168" "\"But on a brighter note… humm there is no brighter note as the sun has gone down\""
"4169" "\"Next is the dancer of Kannur. There is a troupe of dancers who travel around villages portraying the stories and activities of the gods, and in the course of the performance they are possessed by the spirit of the god, and become the god, so that the dance is as much an act of worship as a dramatic performance.\""
"4170" "\"As well as being relayed to two other theatres, it was streamed live on the internet and promoted fierce debate on the Twitter social network.\""
"4171" "\"But I’ve been thinking about it, and before the next Buddy show, think I better go get one of those rescue inhalers. I have been accused of all things, being less flamboyant than usual.\""
"4172" "\"To create the whimsical look of tea spraying from the tea cup, I hot glued some green floral foam inside the tea cup. Then I took several feathers and poked them into the foam until I achieved the desired look. The \\"pouring tea\\" is not secured to the tea cup (again, because the project was going to be mailed to CHA Chicago and back). However, the tea cup and the tea pot were suspended to be sure that the \\"pouring tea\\" would line up properly when hung.\""
"4173" "\"Problem #1: Not following Directions\""
"4174" "\"I’m also talking about your internal light. The part of you that has the will to go on. That light is always inside you. Sometimes it needs an external spark but its always there. That light will ultimately grow and help you to stay strong throughout your fight.\""
"4175" "\"The Hebrew midwives when ordered by the king of Egypt to kill all male Hebrew children refused to do so and as a result we are told that God commended and rewarded them (Ex 1:15-22). Rahab the harlot similarly refused to co-operate with the king of Jericho in handing over the innocent Israelite spies (Jos 2:1-14). She is later praised for her faith in so doing (Heb 11:31; Jas 2:25).\""
"4176" "\"Well worth having a look if you don't feel like watching the video or if you want more.\""
"4177" "\"Ahhhh.....Finally what i've been waiting for .......I finally have a scrap buddy!!\""
"4178" "\"SEMPLE who was\""
"4179" "\"We all have them. And if you are like me, you have lots and lots of them.\""
"4180" "\"Coloring/Ink: Copic markers, Crackle paint and Memento ink (Rich Cocoa).\""
"4181" "\"A tremendous outpouring of community compassion and support followed, including 1,500 children’s books donated at his funeral for Cincinnati Children’s. A book drive on last year’s Day of Caring in Richmond, held on what would have been Tressel’s first birthday, generated 2,000 books for all Wayne County K through second graders.\""
"4182" "\"Well in 1996 when the Telecommunications Act was signed, it changed the game. Now anyone with the biggest checkbooks could come in and buy up many media outlets in the same geographic area, thus controlling what we heard on radio, saw on TV, and read in the newspapers. Then the internet and its power had not been realized by the masses, but was factored into this act along with landlines. This was the proverbial “nail in the coffin” for black radio as we knew it.\""
"4183" "\"“Let’s go,” she said.\""
"4184" "\"Sweet, yes?\""
"4185" "\"Smuttynose Winter Ale (New Hampshire), a sweet dark beer with notes of cherry and chocolate. Pair with snapper soup.\""
"4186" "\"For those who didn't see on twitter, I recently suffered a polish casualty. I broke my only bottle of China Glaze OMG GR8. I was distraught to say the least. The worst thing is I had only used it twice!\""
"4187" "\"- Although this limbo not only challenged it's visitors, but it also allowed fighting, war and more pain.\""
"4188" "\"peace , love and pistachios.\""
"4189" "\"If you have any information call the anonymous tip line at 1-800-TIP-HSUS. A tip could be worth up to $5,000 for an arrest or conviction.\""
"4190" "\"My third entry.\""
"4191" "\"If you love sketches, there's still time to join the sketches class at Inspired To Scrap! The class is just $15 and includes 17 never before seen sketches by Stacey Lokovic, as well as a private class forum, a chance to win prizes and, at the end of the class, a PDF of all the sketches and class notes. I'm on the \\"Dream Team\\" of design team alumni who are preparing sample layouts for the class; and I have to say, the sketches are so much fun to work with!\""
"4192" "\"Theist: I marvel that you could believe such a thing. Okay so what made them “decide” to walk upright? I mean there had to be some motivation, some order of sorts to suddenly cause them to walk upright. It is incredible and totally unbelievable that these wild men wannabes stopped hunching around and lifted themselves up. I would never laugh at your beliefs but give me a break here.\""
"4193" "\"Let me here interject: my thinking on this subject is largely influenced by Kathleen Hulser and Jan Ramirez, curators at New-York Historical Society when we did the exhibition Reading Uncle Tom’s Image: A Reconsideration of Harriet Beecher Stowe’s 150-Year-Old Character and His Legacy on the occasion of the novel’s 150th anniversary. I’ve been thinking about them a lot lately….the recent Bowery event reminded me of the exhibition on THAT topic they also curated. In retrospect it occurs to me what unique and important work they were doing. The culture needs it more than ever.\""
"4194" "\"And if ever there was a time when we need to be clear\""
"4195" "\"As for the opinion, I’ll just say it’s everyones own business. Me, I’m crazy enough as it is, put me on drugs and the whole world will go insane.\""
"4196" "\"In Google Chrome it is found by clicking on the little wrench on the top right corner of your browser, then clicking on \\"History\\" then clicking on \\"Edit\\". This will remove all browser history and cookies contained in the Cache.\""
"4197" "\"Both Sushi-cyu and Patio are in the All Seasons Place. All Seasons Place is an office building with some shopping mall on the lower levels and is located right next to Conrad Hotel, where we stayed for the first 4 nights. My Japanese friend recommended Sush-cyu for Japanese food. It was simply very convenient. I thought that the Japanese food at Sushi-cyu was quite authentic. However, it was quite expensive for our wallet probably because of the location being in the heart of business district. I imagine this place being more for business people to have business dinner.\""
"4198" "\"Fuck, I'm fat!\""
"4199" "\"Wow, I’m feeling a little better already. I think I’ll pull over to the side of the road, and take a minute to look up, glance at the heaven’s above, and gain strength from my belief in a higher power watching over me. Wait a minute…….. Is that what I think it is on that huge billboard on the side of that hill? Oh crap! We have less time than I thought.\""
"4200" "\"“Speak again Wizard and you shall quickly meet your Maker” Moskk says to Hemmingbyrd without giving him a look.\""
"4201" "\"Opinion: It’s a bit passé. Sorry, Denise. It’s an overused French name which has lost most (if not all) if its original cultural appeal. If looking for a French name, opt for Elodie, Genevieve, Louise or Coralie instead.\""
"4202" "\"Can never be what’s needed,\""
"4203" "\"Summary: When Rose Gardner sees a vision of herself dead while working her mundane job at the DMV she begins to brace herself for the moment of truth. Little does she know, fate will intervene and her mother ends up in her place. No longer has a slave to her strict mother, Rose begins to live her life while simultaneously figuring out who killed her mother. She writes a list of twenty eight and a half wishes that she would like to do before she dies among them: dance in the rain, kiss a man, do more with a man and go to Italy. With the help of her mysterious but cute next door neighbor and her sister Rose discovers how to live her life and also some secrets that will change hers.\""
"4204" "\"“We always serve two audiences,” Panczenko says. “We’ve always been a service organization for the university, and we’ve always been seen as an outreach branch serving the community. And that is something the university is very much in favor of us to continue.”\""
"4205" "\"The IBA Pro Bono and Access to Justice Committee, the IBA Bar Issues Commission, and the IBA Forum for Barristers and Advocates will be co-presenting a session at the IBA Annual Conference in Vancouver, 3-8 October 2010, that will explore the issue of legal aid funding, including the ramifications when governments fail to provide adequate funding for legal aid programs.\""
"4206" "\". . . shinning in your heart?\""
"4207" "\"1 integrated\""
"4208" "\"Slice the avocados in half and remove the seed….scoop out the insides into a medium bowl. I like to slice avocados in the shell b/c I think it’s easier to mash up once in the bowl – just take your knife a three of four times lengthwise through the flesh (careful not to go through the skin) and then again the opposite direction. It should look like this:\""
"4209" "\"Pileys newsround provides all the latest gossip on the hot dog eating championships a few days earlier, and the Morrissey conga is showing no signs of letting up!\""
"4210" "\"05-Big Youth-Four Sevens\""
"4211" "\"Fabric Book Round Robin\""
"4212" "\"Chance had his first deer tick today, it was not stuck, it was just crawling in his fur. We saw Robins in town but none out here yet. Although “she who sees robins first” probably saw them last week.\""
"4213" "\"Never send a letter or memo on the day you write it. Read it aloud the next morning – and then edit it.\""
"4214" "\"I was distraught and I left the project alone for a good two years before Mein Herr suggested we make a combined effort out of it. The feel of the tale, the emotion evoked from it, would still be the same, but the story differed vastly as he laid it out for me.\""
"4215" "\"1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts (optional—I didn't use them because my family doesn't like them, but I'm sure they would be great)\""
"4216" "\"The doors on the left side above are bi-fold pocket doors and open to reveal the TV, which is on a tray that pulls out and swivels for optimal viewing. The shelving on the right is fully adjustable and there is tons of storage behind the doors on the bottom of both sides.\""
"4217" "\"A warning, however....supervise at all times! Do not let your child put these in their mouth. They are non-toxic but obviously a choking hazard. My son is past the \\"I put everything in my mouth\\" stage but I still supervise him while he is playing with these.\""
"4218" "\"Quin - she feeds me, serves me and gives me lots and lots of hugs\""
"4219" "\"-He's also recently developed an opinion and he will throw his head back if he doesn't like what's going on\""
"4220" "\"As I began by saying, although Swale is relatively prosperous it comes high up in measures of poverty and inequality in Kent and the South East. At the same time business and commerce has decreased in importance and is very much seen as somebody else’s concern.\""
"4221" "\"The completion of this Constitution is the culmination of the people’s struggle on the road to freedom and democracy. It is a real embodiment of achievements, a response to shifts and changes, an evidence of organizing the march of the state towards the future, a regulator of the movement of its institutions and a source of legislation. All of this is attainable through a system of fundamental principles that enshrines independence, sovereignty and the rule of the people based on election, political and party pluralism and the protection of national unity, cultural diversity, public freedoms, human rights, social justice, equality, equal opportunities, citizenship and the rule of law, where the society and the citizen are the objective and purpose for which every national effort is dedicated. Preserving the dignity of the society and the citizen is an indicator of the civilization of the country and the prestige of the state.\""
"4222" "\"Did whatever I could to survive,\""
"4223" "\"Green beans***\""
"4224" "\"Paul Nguyen: “The foremost appeal was the action and hilarity, but besides that, there was an intriguing use of superheroes of many types. None fell into the shadow of another. Captain America’s patriotism was well emphasized as well as his physical prowess. Thor’s god-like presence was well felt, but his obvious superiority to the others did not overshadow the overall awesomeness of the Avengers. Iron Man’s wittiness came through well. Hulk’s violent hilarity was strong, especially in his thrashing of Loki. It was about the superheroes as a whole rather than a single superior superhero.”\""
"4225" "\"Rise and leave your home, don’t sit idly by.\""
"4226" "\"So I wanted to share a few things I've been working on recently and some of them are already listed in my Etsy shop, along w/a few things I'm not showing yet(hey, didn't want this post to get too long and drawn out, plus it gives you an excuse to go take a peek)LOL.\""
"4227" "\"Well, here's the secret weapon:\""
"4228" "\"The wrapper from the chocolate heart looked perfect for paper piecing, so I went with it. I added some tiny cupcakes from an IO set I had, gave my mouse a bakers twine hair bow, put on some bling. and called it done!\""
"4229" "\"If I was a bank,I’d charge people $5/mo to make debit card transactions too–after the govt capped my transaction limit & thus my profits.\""
"4230" "\"11:26 AM on Sat., May. 12, 2012\""
"4231" "\"Robin Murphy: Oh yes, it is available in libraries, through retailers (book stores), and of course, on-line. Basically everywhere.\""
"4232" "\"statements are made by the mind chart of a stating, always\""
"4233" "\"I'm thinking of setting up an online course on corporate responsibility, with guest speakers and experts from around the world taking part.\""
"4234" "\"Chris Pohl: In fact it was the time when I tried to quit my contract with Maschinenwelt, a berlin label. I was under contract with Seelenkrank, and the guy did not want to let me go so I changed the name into Blutengel and signed in at Out of line! I took the chance to change also music and style a little, away from the fetish themes and more into gothic, vampire. So Blutengel was born!\""
"4235" "\"-Remove from pot carefully and serve hot with the your favourite dipping sauce.\""
"4236" "\"Iranian journalist Masih Alinejad said Shokraye's sentence was due to Iranian authorities' lack of tolerance towards any form of criticism – in cartoons, newspaper articles and the arts.\""
"4237" "\"I use the singular form on purpose, even if the popular unrest that has coursed through the globe in the last year has manifested itself plurally. North Africa has just seen an overhaul and overthrow of old regimes. Syria is the next stop surely. The Occupy movement which began life in Spain with \\"Los Indignados\\" (The Outraged) mushroomed instantly and took hold of other cities such as Toronto, New York and London. Online, groups like Anonymous are bent on embarrassing national governments with their pranks. Everywhere you look there's something happening or about to happen. However there's a single narrative running through these subversive acts that seem to have sprung up almost simultaneously: a fairer society where there's more respect and consideration towads our fellow humans. The question is: why now?\""
"4238" "\"- 1/2 teaspoon of apple pie spice\""
"4239" "\"Radio Panik featured a track Yasuo Akai and I did together and Sadayatana featured a field recording nestled among ambient drones.\""
"4240" "\"Because today was supposed to be all about fun and add in that it was my lovely husbands Birthday, we decided to have our Australia Day celebration, after all.\""
"4241" "\"Full leisurely we glide;\""
"4242" "\"Still, my point is that I feel that Treyarch is, in a good way, a bit less serious than Infinity Ward, so they are more about…bit more fun in multiplayer with funkier weapons like the RC-XD vehicle. That’s totally fine by me.\""
"4243" "\"The result: the reforms attracted bipartisan legislative majorities of roughly 60%. Over four votes (two different bills, each having to pass the House and Senate), one-quarter to one-half of Democrats voted for reform, including many black representatives, especially those from New Orleans.\""
"4244" "\"I scanned the letter, then took a part of it, enlarged it\""
"4245" "\"* 1/2 cup butter\""
"4246" "\"And you're waitin' there\""
"4247" "\"TODAY is my last day at Goldman Sachs. After almost 12 years at the firm — first as a summer intern while at Stanford, then in New York for 10 years, and now in London — I believe I have worked here long enough to understand the trajectory of its culture, its people and its identity. And I can honestly say that the environment now is as toxic and destructive as I have ever seen it.\""
"4248" "\"My baby was miraculously healthy. I was induced at 37 weeks; for Preeclampsia http://www.preeclampsia.org/they call it premature still and still did not want us to leave the house much. Her weight at birth was 6 pounds 4 ounces. She left the hospital at 5 pounds 14 ounces but then got down to 5 pounds 10 ounces because of failing with early breastfeeding.\""
"4249" "\"My card is an A2 size card. I used kraft card stock for the base. The lettering was done on my computer using a font called LDJ Happy Tails, I do not remember what size font it was. I also used clip art for the doggie toys. The paper is DCWV and some I printed using the Imagine. :)\""
"4250" "\"The rest of the month was pretty easy going. She had follow ups from the hospital stay and also physical therapy. It was very light physical therapy because we all felt like she needed a break and to be able to just concentrate on staying healthy.\""
"4251" "\"Cole wants to minimize the real fears of the Gulf states about Iran's ambitions and its pursuit of nuclear weapons to achieve them. Of course, he's right that the \\"street\\" in the Arab world supports Iran for its virulent stands against Israel. But the people do not rule in any of the Gulf states. They are far from positions of political responsibility, which might actually make them to identify with the interests of their states in the global arena or to articulate realist political stances.\""
"4252" "\"Here's the deal on self defense. You have to be prepared everywhere, all the time. Laws that abridge your ability to do so are probably immoral and are definitely wrong-headed. There were 23 cops at this concert to keep order, and this still happened. There are all kinds of laws against what was done, but it still happened.\""
"4253" "\"a photographer i am not.\""
"4254" "\"Israel has a decent arsenal of ballistic missiles, and they also possess a small fleet of nuclear-armed Dolphin class submarines capable of launching ballistic missiles and hitting pretty much anything in the Middle East with precision.\""
"4255" "\"We had an incident recently. He overstepped his bounds and verbally attacked my daughter when I wasn't there. She was devastated. I was so angry. I thought of many different ways to confront him about it. I stewed about it. I vented about it at home.\""
"4256" "\"Then his body language signaled to her that \\"something bad was about to happen.\\"\""
"4257" "\"Murray SB, Skull SA. Poor health care worker vaccination coverage and knowledge of vaccination recommendations in a tertiary Australia hospital. Australian & New Zealand Journal of Public Health 2002; 26: 65-68.\""
"4258" "\"Those advocating that CAMRA might consider evolving to reflect the reality of the modern beer scene do so because they recognise that CAMRA has a vital role to play in the promotion of good beer. We do so because we recognise that setting up a 'campaign for good keg beer' entirely misses the point - it makes issues of dispense method and carbonation when these are NOT the issues, and it formalises an antagonistic relationship between two factions of people who are equally passionate about great tasting beer. I don't want to bring up the Judean People's Popular Front again, but seriously, can you not see the parallels?\""
"4259" "\"Russia, China, India and other nations have been pushed beyond their boiling points for a long time ago by the United States bullying and imperialism. The total spectrum dominance of the United States military is the only thing that kept this sleeping coalition of semi-super powers from uniting and putting the United States in its place. The US thought they would sack Iran in less than a week and the world would continue just as it had before the attack.\""
"4260" "\"I wish I could come up with list of all of the things that I did and accomplished, but I cannot.\""
"4261" "\"FA: For me, nothing. I don’t think it’s a big factor. We saw one McLaren fighting for the podium until the last moment. We saw Red Bull, Ferrari for the other positions on the podium and, as we saw 15 days ago in Valencia, I was second. I didn’t see any Force India or any Sauber or anything fighting for victory because the rules changed. It was more or less the same.\""
"4262" "\"It turns out that the standard, which may have been intended primarily to prevent a person accused of adultery from being executed without extraordinary evidence, is so demanding that a non-sharia based-law is used to punish rape, with much less severe punishments, in many Muslim countries. The reported rape rates in Muslim countries are so astonishingly low that I am inclined to think that these crimes are just not being reported.I felt I needed to expand greatly on my previous comment about rape and shame in the islamic world:\""
"4263" "\"I'm happy we have such a happy baby (for the most part)\""
"4264" "\"In a study of divorcing couples published last year in the Family Court Review, the results showed that about 30% of individuals who were divorcing said they would seriously consider a reconciliation service if it was offered by the court. Additional research that matched spouses’ responses found that in about 10% of couples both partners were open to reconciliation.\""
"4265" "\"5. The belief that “Primrose” might just be the perfect name for your first-born girl.\""
"4266" "\" More and more taxes will be squeezed out of the still productive Whites to pay for the deteriorating, racially darkened, society and to maintain its infrastructure.\""
"4267" "\"push to make room for.”\""
"4268" "\"And I really love them all! Yellow Whiz is my favorite yellow and these three are incredible and seriously one coat formula's! The red Rapid Cherry is more of a jelly finish than the others, but not a true jelly either..Jelleme? Cremelly? I don't know the name but it is a perfect mix of the two!\""
"4269" "\"The Gunpowder Treason and Plot,\""
"4270" "\"- We post our challenges every Friday at 12:00pm AEST (AEDT during Daylight Savings).\""
"4271" "\"Henry M. Paulson, Jr., the Secretary of the Treasury under George W. Bush, has written an excellent account, On The Brink, ($28.99, Grand Center Publishing, division of Hachette) explaining the events surrounding the sudden imminent collapse of the nation’s financial system late into the second term. The former CEO of Goldman Sachs had assumed the job in 2006. Little did he know he would be at the center of “a perfect storm” to save the nation’s and the global economy. By all outsider accounts, that’s exactly what he did with the support of Congress and others in government, not the least of whom was President Bush who Paulson obviously respects. What makes this book so interesting is his candid story of the people and the politics that made it possible to draw back from the brink. Hachette has also released it as an audiobook ($34.98, 13 CDs, read by Dan Woren, approximately 15 hours.)\""
"4272" "\"He said in his family, his kid seldom gave him a hug, and there is always this “Deprived” state of mind with his kid, especially when talking about the other kids at school, having thing like a BB mobile phone to play with.\""
"4273" "\"15. Dirty Laundry (Don Henley song)\""
"4274" "\"I haven’t read a ton of blogs but I am trying to see what is out there. I am fearful it will change how I write my stories that I want to give my kids one day. The whole reason I started writing was so that they would know who I was at this moment and how I interpreted our family. It’s a legal thing in case they decide to sue me when they grow up (and because my own mom died at 39 before she had a chance for me to know who she was. Now that I am her age I think often how she really was just doing the best she could with her circumstances. I am still pissed at her though.) I am already planning to counter sue my boys for refusing to exit my uterus thus destroying my belly button and turning it into a cup holder. You all may get subpoenaed. I’m kidding. I’m kidding. I’m kidding.\""
"4275" "\"Food wise, boy still loves to eat! He's eating 7 ounces every three hours, plus three meals a day! And some puffs in between, still working on picking them up and them actually making it to his mouth. He can put a mum mum cracker down in about 3.5 seconds though. We started a sippy cup a few weeks ago and he LOVES it. Playing with it, trying to get water out, and chewing on it.\""
"4276" "\"I stamped then, overstamped without re-inking, which is why you\""
"4277" "\"One of them is his last, the unfinished Mystery of Edwin Drood and by great good fortune, this was also adapted by TV, in two installments last week.\""
"4278" "\"1. Train Appropriately\""
"4279" "\"Q046) Your childhood nickname was?\""
"4280" "\"She pushed me down on the bed and mounted me. “Do you know how many men came to visit me everyday since I started?”\""
"4281" "\"Where Autistics Excel: Compiling An Inventory of Autistic Cognitive Strengths\""
"4282" "\"September is a weird place. We’re having now a taste of a summer that has never happened this year and it feels like something that you really should have done in your youth and you’re doing in your middle age as a sort of compensation. In the garden, the tomatoes are still green, the one-and-only green pepper that I had now lies on the ground, nibbled by squirrels, and the grass is covered with red and yellow maple leaves.\""
"4283" "\"“Junsu-ah, you ate?”He ask when he comeback home after suck somebody death maybe.\""
"4284" "\"The not so awesome part? Having to move ALL our stuff. Even if it's only up one flight of stairs, it's still really annoying. (Especially moving the furniture!) We're trying to do it little by little so it doesn't get to overwhelming, but hopefully the process won't drag on for too long! Also, since this place is a little bit bigger I'm already going crazy with ideas of things I want to do (and things I want to buy) to decorate it! The hard part is even though it looks like we'll be in Tahoe for awhile, I know that we're not going to be here forever so we don't want to buy a bunch of furniture for this place that might not work when we move. At the same time, I think this new apartment has some great potential so I want to make it look nice. The top priorities at the moment are: getting some patio furniture (preferably a table, chairs, and some chaise lounges would be great!), buying a new grill (we sold ours when we moved to South Carolina because our apartment didn't allow them), getting a new kitchen table (we sold our kitchen table when we left Colorado because we didn't have space for it in the downstairs apartment), and possibly putting up some new curtains. I'm scouring Pinterest for some good DIY ideas and we'll hopefully be doing some shopping over the next few weeks. Once we get everything moved in, I'll definitely be sharing some pictures!\""
"4285" "\"March 26, 2012 at 8:27 AM\""
"4286" "\"It’s sad how we live in a world that just seems to zoom by, and we get so caught up with everything that’s going on– work, making money, greed, self-interest, education, wars, poverty, campaign, global warming, even the hunger games (ok, that was unnecessary)– that we really forget to stop and analyze what it is we have, and how we have and are slowly changing; the new factors that influence and play roles in our lives, new people that we meet, and even those that are now gone. To think back to years before– on this same day– and try to remember what you did, who you were, and even who you thought you were going to be. Have things played out the way you expected them to? Have you diverted from your path? have you lost sight of who you were or what you once dreamed of?\""
"4287" "\"Back to more artistic pursuits though with the 1932 conversion of the venue into a full-time movie theatre, Cinéma Apollo, which was first renovated in 1952 ahead of being demolished and rebuilt once again in 1972 as a multi-screen complex: Cinéma Ariel. Fifteen or so years later, the complex was taken over by the ever-expanding Union Générale Cinématographique group, more commonly known in France as UGC. And, in 1997, the building was modernised once again, resulting in the fifteen-screen UGC Ciné Cité with which people are familiar today, the main façade of which also shows tell-tale signs of its theatre and concert-hall past!\""
"4288" "\"It was a beautiful day and the sunrise was gorgeous. There were places where the course was not well-marked and a couple of people did get lost – one got several extra miles of running around trying to get back on course.\""
"4289" "\"I started my page by laying down gesso n closing the book, opening it again to create loads of texture. I painted the pages with shades of blues and greens and painted some branches, leaves and flowers to create a 'spring' feel.I then worked on the background, building up various layers to add depth.\""
"4290" "\"Soooo, when I decided to do this, I called Dw and asked him if it was okay.\""
"4291" "\"Examples of daily study time by grade:\""
"4292" "\"After processing the food photos below, I suddenly realised that we really ate a lot of food that night! LOL!\""
"4293" "\"But then there's that training issue. If the longbow becomes an ultimate weapon, what are all the players going to make to maximize their character's damage output? Yeah, that one is pretty much a no-brainer. It's game balance on a generic and bland scale but its necessary in some forms.\""
"4294" "\"They could have, but Jesus never commanded them to. For some reason, the One who chose the nails also chose the saliva. Along with the spear and the sponge of man, he bore the spit of man.\""
"4295" "\"Sometimes I'll be talking to my friends about dressage, and they'll glaze over. I know - how can that be when the latest nuance of my 20 m circle is cliff hangingly riveting?\""
"4296" "\"To make things easier for him I making this picture my screensaver on the computer so he can see what's on my wish list from Sweet Little Birdy.\""
"4297" "\"Black Swan\""
"4298" "\"The black banner hanging at his stall in Eating World reads Ramen Muteppou, acknowledging the source of his tonkotsu ramen training.\""
"4299" "\"While no Malaysian will blame the police for arresting those who damaged police or public property, such as the single incident of half a dozen people badly damaging a police vehicle, there is absolutely no justification for them to threaten and beat up every person they found in yellow, even if they were participating in the rally earlier.\""
"4300" "\"They give me a lot of funny shit to bitch about!\""
"4301" "\"Delete Pink Circle layer\""
"4302" "\"I could fix my mind on my mission. I could write a list of plans and ideas that would be worthy to achieve. Yet I've discovered a better way.\""
"4303" "\"I am off to Toronto this weekend to teach Copic Certifications...YAY! Looking forward to a colorful weekend :)\""
"4304" "\"P.S. - If you didn't catch the three song references other than my song of the day, here they are - \\"Rock and Roll Never Forgets\\" by Bob Seger (Sweet sixteen's turned 31), \\"Cherry Bomb\\" by John Mellencamp (Seventeen has turned 35/ I'm surprised that we're still living), and \\"I Could'a Been a Contender\\" by The Gaslight Anthem (And of the few things I am certain/ I'm the captain of my burden). Just had to throw those in!\""
"4305" "\"Museu do Futebol\""
"4306" "\"Daughter\""
"4307" "\"His posture changed immediately. His face changed immediately. It wasn't an instant fix but it got him back on a happy track and got us out of the store without a major incident.\""
"4308" "\"With a smaller cup.\""
"4309" "\"It infuriates me when people focus on the 3 months of “vacation time” teachers have, when really it amounts to only 4 weeks, if you take into account how much of that time we spend preparing our classroom and curriculum for the following year, and how much of our breaks are spent doing work. And how we have “plenty of time off each month”? NO, we don’t. Those PA Days are for meetings, board-wide professional development initiatives, or writing report cards. Weekends? Non-existent.\""
"4310" "\"Time Dominating: Seeking to grab the biggest chunk of the time allotted to discussion so the other side cannot provide their message and rationale.\""
"4311" "\"In Paul’s language, “each is given the manifestation for the common good” and “Indeed, the body does not consist of one member but of many”, you sense the language Rome used to keep people in their place and thus, maintain power.\""
"4312" "\"I was told recently that I have the “gift of asking” if I do it without fear, reticence and trepidation. Today on the phone I called a colleague and while I over intellectualized it and over schmoozed it, I stood strong in the mission and bent for the immediate goal and accomplished what I set out to get. It was quietly amazing and humbling. Courage came today on the wings of signs and wonders.\""
"4313" "\"6. The Slits - Shoplifting\""
"4314" "\"block of baking chocolate or already grated bites\""
"4315" "\"Unexpectedly it was there, crystalclear: the existence suddenly revealed itself to me. From now on it didn't look harmless anymore. Like the safety of abstract categories. It was the stuff of which things are made, the beet of the tree was formed out of existence. The beet of the tree, the fences of the parc, the seat, the teneous grass of the lawn, all this had disappeared. The diversity of things, their own character was only an illusion, a little varnish. The varnish was gone, what was left were monstrous, weak heaps, chaotic and nude. Of a terrifying, obscene nudity.\""
"4316" "\"“Sargeant, I’m begging on my knees here. You won’t lose me.”\""
"4317" "\"If you think all this sounds Hellish, you’re dead right. If you think this doesn’t sound fun… you might be right. Certainly there’s a lot here that’s interesting, but you might be doubtful as to whether it makes a good game.\""
"4318" "\"- Even though my raisins were brand new, they were not soft so I plumped them in some hot apple cider.\""
"4319" "\"Hooray! It's Christmas! Let's take the dog out to shit in a twinkling forest haunted by a disproportionately small man with a bag of stolen goods, an oversized puppy wearing the fat man's hat and some randomly dispersed giant boxes!\""
"4320" "\"Here's what Jessica had to say about her tutorial: I love to peel and stick things. Especially orange things. Here's an easy way to customize plain ceramics: apply decorative tape in colors that match your home, your party decorations, or your current bouquet of flowers. Dress up inexpensive vases for DIY wedding table centerpieces or showers. And when you get tired of your design, just peel it off.\""
"4321" "\"paper skin.\""
"4322" "\"As stuff becomes their days.\""
"4323" "\"Add extract and 7 quarts of water. Heat to a boil.\""
"4324" "\"If you’re a lapbooking pro then you already know how awesome an HoaC super membership would be!\""
"4325" "\"Fueling the American spirit!\""
"4326" "\"The public would not know how much gold was there — and the actual depositories would be guarded and protected with lethal force.\""
"4327" "\"She tells him to go ahead and start eating. The people that work at the restaurant saw this and they thought that they didnt have enough money to order another Hamburger. So a young gentleman that works at the restaurant went up to them and asked the lady, “m’am i can get you another hamburger”, the lady said, “no its okay!” So the young man goes away and the elderly man continues eating. The workers at the restaurant were still watching them, wondering why they share everything. So the gentleman comes back for a second time and says, “m’am, its not a problem i can get you another one if you dont have enough money.” The lady again says, “No thank you!.”\""
"4328" "\"Add white wine, stirring\""
"4329" "\"As a result of the tormenting, she said she suffered a nervous breakdown, severe depression and migraines.\""
"4330" "\"Part of the reason I am writing about a few Bolo flicks is to honestly just see more of his catalog. I'm not sure I've ever been a fan of an actor when I've seen as little as I actually have. The other reason is I just finally needed to break my streak and start writing shit again, and what better way to do so than with the Beast from the East... MISTER Tough Tits himself????\""
"4331" "\"They call for 1 1/2 cups of sugar (half brown - half white). A couple of months I decided to slowly cut back on the sugar every time I made them to see if less sugar would effect the taste. I'm down to one cup and I haven't noticed a difference.\""
"4332" "\"This is a case of ideology trumping science.\""
"4333" "\"14. Flowers - Armand van Helden / 9:39\""
"4334" "\"water, milk, or heavy cream\""
"4335" "\"What has been your most gratifying moment as a barre n9ne instructor? I don’t think I could pick just one…but the moments when I see someone finally “get” something, and make that mind/body connection are really gratifying! Hearing people talk about how much their bodies have changed, how they have achieved something they never thought they could and how much they love the studio and my classes….these things will never get old! It makes me so happy!\""
"4336" "\"That subject that I loathed in high school actually came in handy...\""
"4337" "\"parasitic if not cancerous, and it links those programs exclusively with Democrats even though Republicans have chosen not to curtail them, or have even initiated them (Medicare Part D).\""
"4338" "\"482 - Ed Farmer\""
"4339" "\"But now he’s even offering free delivery. Good old Johnnie. He’s so thoughtful. I wouldn’t put it past him to drive over to my house himself with a jolly printed wrapover dress, or some wacky two-toned wedge shoes.\""
"4340" "\"But I had no time to think about addiction, as the lesson started in earnest. First Richard showed me the balls. “These vary in weight from 6-16lbs and you measure the ball by hand spec and weight,” he told me. He chose a large red number for me weighing 10lbs which seemed incredibly heavy, but “the heavier the ball the more pin reaction you get.” He showed me how to hold the ball: “Middle and ring fingers in the top holes and thumb in the lower hole. If you can hold it comfortably for 10 seconds it's about the right weight.” It wasn't exactly comfortable, but I persevered.\""
"4341" "\"Ladies? Any takers? Real live pit stained shirt from a real live touring musician. Highest bidder can own this beauty.\""
"4342" "\"Everything is perfect in heaven. If something is imperfect, that imperfection is in the world. Imperfection does not happen in heaven. God is in heaven saying that everything is perfect, then thinking about what God is willing to happen and they those things can just happen, like out there in the world, as distinct from in here, in heaven..\""
"4343" "\"So, a leading multi-billion Dollar SPE is being run for years without any accounts or proper oversight. That operation is plainly in breach of clauses 18, 19 and 20 of the HDC Act and yet the silence is eloquent. That silence would have to include members of the then ruling party (PNM) and the then opposition.\""
"4344" "\"“Who do you see as the person who will carry your responsibilities?“\""
"4345" "\"We have visited the park, went to the one in Congleton mainly because our son had an appointment at the hospital there, so we thought we would take them to the park there for an hour before the appointment, then home, they made pizzas with EJ’s daddy before having tea, then it was time for me to pump up the air bed, EJ decided she would sleep on it with Olivia, mainly because it was a double airbed and it can fit them both on, so thats what they did.\""
"4346" "\"2:05: The last boat successfully launched, Collapsible D, descends only a few feet before reaching the ocean. By now the water has reached the Promenade Deck and the forecastle is underwater, which quickens the pace of the sinking.\""
"4347" "\"Fighting funny may not be inherently more effective than fighting mad, but it does help to correct abiding misapprehensions about feminism as a cheerless vortex: anti-male, anti-sex, anti-porn, anti-fun. In 2012, the anti-everything platform was occupied not by feminist agitators, but the GOP politicians they were battling.\""
"4348" "\"In a skillet, saute the diced onion in the butter until tender and beginning to get golden in color.\""
"4349" "\"As debt peaks, Cull talks of asset sales\""
"4350" "\"- It’ll be an interesting read in 10 years, – I said to myself, wrapped the 5 notebooks in a newspaper and put them away with the books my parents would never venture to read (Victor Hugo and Daniel Defoe).\""
"4351" "\"At 33 minutes, Alice Guy’s The Birth, the Life and the Death of Christ was a healthy length for the time, and probably more epic in feel for its 1906 French audience than it is for us. We might focus on its limitations: the fixed camerawork, typical of the era, and the deliberate stagecraft, which makes The Birth seem like a theatre production with a lens for an audience. God help the viewer who doesn’t know the story going in, since Guy bypasses considerable and complicated details to tell the story in pantomime. Worse, she makes Jesus boring. We never see his fabled throwdown with the moneylenders, or his admonition against those who would throw stones. In the absence of any dramatic tension (we all know how this ends), isn’t it the writer and/or director’s interpretation of Jesus that makes a film about him interesting? Guy, however, is content to depict—and the man she depicts is one-dimensional even by mytho-heroic standards.\""
"4352" "\"network of symbols, gestures and roles that are encountered in the daily round\""
"4353" "\"Feminist, author, The Sexual Politics of Meat, vegan\""
"4354" "\"Dinner in Dublin\""
"4355" "\"10 – Lockout – £169.133 – £1.075.002\""
"4356" "\"07 Precious Stone\""
"4357" "\"The fountain of Youth is in Luckenbach, Texas. No one probably noticed but I have been absent a day or two. I took a couple of days off from the office while The Boss and I took a short vacation to Fredricksburg, Texas. Six million, eight thousand, three hundred and six , (that is where I stopped counting), motorcycles decided to do the same thing. On Saturday, on our way back home, we “cut through” to stop in on Luckenbach, Texas. The motor cycle riders decided to do that too. Most of you know I am a frustrated wanna be git-tar picker and If you had a radio and only listened to one country song, around ’78-’80,you have heard , “Let’s go to Luckenback, Texas, with Willie Waylon and the Boys”. Sooo, that is what I did.\""
"4358" "\"Happy Chinese New Year!\""
"4359" "\"The sky which I look up at\""
"4360" "\"Spare a thought for me, the poet…\""
"4361" "\"Are you planning a scrapbook of your graduation ceremony? Perhaps you are homeschooled, or won’t be walking through your school’s commencement? If you want a memento of your graduation experience, too, or an additional memento for your memory books, you need a handmade mini graduation tassel.\""
"4362" "\"However, all of these paper dolls -- even those based on classic works -- were produced in recent years.\""
"4363" "\"From the Alpena County Directory, 2011-2012:\""
"4364" "\"In addition, many of the services that are necessary to ITER are currently powered by fossil fuels--though one must admit that ITER's location in France means it is more dependent on the power generation of conventional fission reactors than it would be elsewhere. But even those fission reactors are heavily dependent on fossil fuels for their servicing.\""
"4365" "\"Inside the Garden.\""
"4366" "\"At dinner this evening he launched into a big long story about the fire drill at nursery and the fact that they will be setting up a little “catapillow” farm in his classroom. He told us the whole catapillow to butterfly process in surprisingly grown up detail.\""
"4367" "\"Now I know that some advise you to identify witnesses, but in the first few minutes after a shooting you may have other concerns on your mind. Also remember, you might identify a witness who you think saw everything and their statement reads, \\"I heard a shot, looked up and that guy in the green jacket (you) was shooting the dude that's dead.\\" Wait, he didn't see the knife that was first pulled by the mugger?\""
"4368" "\"“Her acting, if closely scrutinized, was seen to have been studied; yet it always seemed spontaneous; her handsome, ingenuous, winning countenance informed it with sympathy, while her voice – copious, tender, and wonderfully musical – filled it with emotion, speaking always from the heart.”\""
"4369" "\"But the main reason I disliked it was that Mom disliked it.\""
"4370" "\"but words can't describe the feeling i have inside when i think about finally buying a computer and how many doors it might open for me, as it is a resource i have longed for and needed for a very long time.\""
"4371" "\"i am thankful for the poem he read to me at our wedding that micah and jana had framed for us that hangs in our bedroom ....that i try to read everyday to remind myself just how lucky i am.\""
"4372" "\"Big Rock Ridge begins off Lucas Valley Road at a huge boulder landmark. The big rock? We hiked it as an out and back but there are a couple shuttle options. Theresa, Maynard, Suzanne and I (and Rasa, Suzanne’s uber-sweet dog) set off. Find the tower on the right ridge-line in the photo below. That’s the high point and where we stopped for a snack/gawk break.\""
"4373" "\"All of this is typical in the US which has a rigged voting system to be proud of by and SE Asian standards, along with vote stuffing, buying up votes with cheap whiskey and cigarettes, out and out intimidation of voters by armed thugs as well as the usual rigging of numbers. I did not say African, because at least so far they are not massacring and eating their opponents.\""
"4374" "\"They had been asked to create a page or 2 each to be combined with the rest of the family and given to the Mother/Grandmother of them all. Great idea except they didn't have the equipment, experience or supplies so they turned to me.\""
"4375" "\"Considering Germany’s past these labels stick\""
"4376" "\"3. The OCR server translated the TIFF file into data that could be processed digitally. During that process, the image of each letter was translated into a character code that told the computer what type of letter it was. That data was saved as a text file which could be understood by any text processing program. The OCR process was completed by deleting the TIFF file.\""
"4377" "\"and an infant to care for\""
"4378" "\"He finishes his hotdog and wipes his mouth daintily on his napkin.\""
"4379" "\"Perhaps not by accident, A.A. literature has chosen to report little about Dr. Bob’s youth. This may be a blessing for those of us who are taking a fresh start, a fresh approach, and a fresh viewpoint. The question concerns just exactly what Dr. Bob did as a youngster in the North Congregational Church at St. Johnsbury and just exactly what he was seeing, hearing, learning, and practicing in the Christian Endeavor Society at his church and even elsewhere. Those questions are being researched right now!\""
"4380" "\"right now he is\""
"4381" "\"+ Limited-slip differential fitted as standard\""
"4382" "\"She proceeded to tell me how she lives in this little town way out in the middle of nowhere and reads my blog regularly (which of course is a very nice compliment) and how I had written absolutely nothing in weeks!!\""
"4383" "\"First, it is necessary to assert the vitality of a custom within the context of its own tradition. A Negro Spiritual is extremely edifying to African Americans or anyone else raised in that tradition. The dull, austere architecture of a Mennonite gathering hall is pleasing to the sensibilities of Mennonites. Certain types of high-tempo Christian rock music are edifying to Pentecostal Christians, for whom that sort of music is an integral part of their tradition. These customs are all truly vital within their own religious setting.\""
"4384" "\"The t-shirts are available in both polo shirts and round neck t-shirts and are red or black in colour. This new line of merchandise will be on display at all our gigs, starting from The New Barrack Tavern on 7th April.\""
"4385" "\"When colluding with a psychopathic sexual predator even willing victims get pimped, swapped, gang banged and debased no matter what pseudo-philosophical or pseudo-literary justifications the psychopath offers for such sleazy and perverted ways. Eventually even their sleaziest partners get used up and tossed away by the psychopath like dirty condoms, when their use value is gone or when a a better target or opportunity comes up. As you make your bed, so you must lie in it. And if you choose to lie next to a psychopathic partner, then you will eventually wake up next to an individual who uses you, demeans you under the guise of compatibility and love and who will one day callously toss you away to replace you with a new trophy.\""
"4386" "\"Overall I think Catrice did quite a good job on the new make-up collection.\""
"4387" "\"Feature Running Time: 95 minutes\""
"4388" "\"1) Who are your favorite speculative fiction writers?\""
"4389" "\"Is that something a Latin man would take for granted?\""
"4390" "\"V-E Day (the end of the war in Europe) had occurred in May and everyone was hoping and praying for the end of the war in Japan. I remember seeing pictures in magazines of how things would be once the war was over. I was particularly impressed with a picture of a candy store display that actually had chocolate bars along with the Chuckles gum drops, taffy and hard candy we were used to seeing throughout the war.\""
"4391" "\"The purpose of this post was to show you all how much I have accomplished in getting ready for the show. I feel between orders I have been working hard to get things done; however, when it is all laid out....it doesn't look like much. AND add to the fact that the little stacking rings and the bangle bracelets were made by my dad, it really doesn't look like much.\""
"4392" "\"I also worked in a runaway home at that time and Jamie was placed there occasionally due to problems at home. One night I was working the midnight shift and had fallen asleep watching TV when a man entered the dark room and began attacking me, trying to put his hands inside my clothes while on top of me. When I began screaming the huge, drunk man ran. While I was calling 9-1-1, Jamie was the one who caught him trying to sneak back in a bathroom window and chased him away with a baseball bat.\""
"4393" "\"The poets were an odd lot, easily given to maudlin sentiment, while fiction writers fell by turn to the mimicry of suburban prose, the K-Mart fiction of drunks, hypochondriacs, used-car salesmen, and adulterous wives that populated the fictional worlds of Ray Carver, Anne Tyler, Bobbie Ann Mason, or John Updike. I had read too much of it all, with its facile repetitions of brand names and parking-lot angst. And the poets, with their gnashing and wailing about poor dead John Berryman (a suicide) or the sad Montana taverns of Richard Hugo just seemed a bit over the top for me. I trusted neither.\""
"4394" "\"a Supreme Being is only a need to give\""
"4395" "\"Call me crazy, but I think that was him answering my \\"tell me where it hurts\\" request. I'm not proposing he understood the english syntax, but...you know what I mean. Maybe he's trying to point me in the right direction. We'll see in 19 days, I suppose. God, that diagnosis cannot come soon enough.\""
"4396" "\"Have a go: Draw. I’m not sure Monaghan will have enough to win the game, but a draw isn’t beyond them. Sligo will need to keep their discipline in this game. Monaghan can frustrate as well as score.\""
"4397" "\"As a possible variation, you could grill the corn in the husks along with the peppers. This would add a more robust grill flavor to the dish. I had planned to do this when I started. However, I was having problems with my grill starting. So I resorted to cooking the corn on the stove and not roasting the peppers at all. Either way, I think it is a great dish.\""
"4398" "\"Just perfect for hiding\""
"4399" "\"Pink Grapefruit -\""
"4400" "\"We all have someone in our lives who is the primary caregiver at home for a loved one. This article has made me realize how important that we are there to offer our support, as the role of caregiver can end abruptly. When this happens, they may struggle with feelings of fear, lose, guilt and anger that can be very destructive. Read article here>>\""
"4401" "\"Here's to a jolly \\"Sunny\\" weekend....... Ha Hemmm......x\""
"4402" "\"Welcome to the Alphabakes challenge for May! This month it's slightly harder… I hope you can all come up with some great ideas and that you don't think this month's letter is horrible….. Have you guessed what it is yet?!\""
"4403" "\"Cemeteries\""
"4404" "\"Even Labor’s attempts to embroil the ever-painful Christopher Pyne in the Peter Slipper affair eventually ran out of steam.\""
"4405" "\"I also loved the private individualized conference. It allowed the student to read their story to me aloud and then I asked them to tell me what they liked about it and what they would improve. Then I used a sticky note to jot down my thoughts. I gave at least one compliment and at least one area for improvement and sent the student back to their seat with my ideas. I can't believe I've never run a conference like this before. (Oh yeah, I can. I'm always too busy doing reading supports and guided reading to fit in that many conferences!)\""
"4406" "\"Modeled after the \\"Modern Lounge\\" sound, T-Dub draws from groups and artists like Bill Frisell, John Scofield, Massive Attack, Thievery Corporation and Sly & Robbie. To pursue this sound, Thelonious Dub adds electric sitar and a large array of guitar effects.\""
"4407" "\"Just for fun, let's see how well you know your celebs, tell us who this sexy mouth belongs to. A tip, she also has extremely sexy eyes.\""
"4408" "\"I am a recovering compulsive overeater, abstinent by the grace of God one more day at a time. For details, check out my food journal.\""
"4409" "\"When I last left you, I was sitting in the conference room at my new office and listening to the head honcho guy (HHG) tell me that my new position had just been eliminated. Before I get into what happened next, here's an outfit and a few words about that outfit.\""
"4410" "\"Sisko would knock the Vulcan on his ass, because he’s not Archer.\""
"4411" "\"In this book, Drina gets her dream, when she is accepted into a full-time ballet school in London. There she makes some good friends and also attracts some negative attention from people who are envious of her talent. Her mother was a famous ballerina, but Drina is determined not to let anyone know because she wants to know if she can succeed on her own.\""
"4412" "\"stay.\""
"4413" "\"Blue Oyster Cult- The Red and The Black (Tyranny and Mutation LP- 1973)\""
"4414" "\"Scally and Nathanson, on the other hand, are paid out of enforced taxation to spout this crap, and if we refuse to pay because we really object to our money being given to their ilk - which I do, vehemently - we would be imprisoned.\""
"4415" "\"Earlier this week, in answer to a comment from a journalist that he was looking tired, Mr Livingstone insisted that he had lost a stone during his campaign against Tory incumbent Boris Johnson, and his doctor was pleased he was ‘so fit’. He said: ‘I’ve been having an annual medical for about ten years. This is the best it has ever been.’\""
"4416" "\"which saves us all from stink and germs.\""
"4417" "\"Over the last month, many Israeli leaders have shown their true face. When Zionist leader and strongman Banjamin Netayahu needed their support the most, they back stabbed him.\""
"4418" "\"Combine ingredients in a blender.\""
"4419" "\"Okay, so mostly I just started this blog to keep track of what I do each day in regards to eating, exercising, etc. And to keep track of my measurements and weigh-ins. So here is my Standard Form:\""
"4420" "\"I'm not sure if she is scared of not making it?\""
"4421" "\"I already have days, and sometimes weeks, when I don’t go online, so I don’t think I have a tumblr addiction that needs to be dealt with. I think it is a good idea to have days on internet celibacy when you focus on other things instead. Things that might otherwise be forgotten in a life to full of noise.\""
"4422" "\"Knowledge is power in any setting.\""
"4423" "\"Oh, but wait. There’s more. We can’t forget China! Now things get a little fuzzy here, because Mao really didn’t have time to slow down and record every single dead peasant. Officially, he was prepared to kill 50 MILLION people to institute his “reforms” but that was just boasting. The actual number was only a couple of million… Hey, sometimes you’ve got to break a few eggs.\""
"4424" "\"And now here I am... 10 years, 1 failed marriage, 1 ruined credit report, and 3 kids later and I still don't know what in the H I want to do with my life. I've gone back to school to take more classes a few times since I graduated (I even went through a lengthy, somewhat humiliating process to get that one school to say, ok, we'll let you come back if you promise to get As this time). And I've thought about what I would do if I went back a million times. Something always gets in the way. Money. Kids. Time. Fear. Whatever. I love school, though. I am being totally honest when I say this: I would be a student for the rest of my life if I had that luxury. I would take every class I ever wanted to take, learn as much as I possibly could, become as \\"well-rounded\\" as they get, if it were something I could feasibly do. But I can't. I should go back. I will go back. But I need to make some sort of decision soon about what I will do once I'm back. What classes will I take? What degree will I pursue? What is it that I really want out of life??? Who knows if I ever figure this out. In the meantime, it's time I start the process of getting something done toward this end, though.\""
"4425" "\"It was just last year, in fact, when I was but a tender lamb of seventeen years. We bowled up to the place, the calm before the storm… I bleated the unfamiliar utterances of a first-timer at the disinterested bubblegum girl behind the counter. The egg-whites of her eyes contradicted her artificially darkened face. A white handkerchief was tightly bound about her withered neck. A name badge marked ‘Judy’ was pinned to her off-white shirt. She spoke with half a mind digested in a magazine, and the other in an ongoing game of dominoes, slotting a black-white counter into place as she automatically directed me to the Death-Pod in the corner of the room – thrusting a cindered pair of spindly goggles in my hapless direction as I went.\""
"4426" "\"I pulled out the Pumpkin Cake Recipe I made last week. I grabbed some chocolate chips, cream cheese and Semi-sweet Bakers Chocolate. I also pulled out the Bundt pan. I was in the mood to pour or drizzle icing, not plump and spread frosting.\""
"4427" "\"One bearded man with fierce eyes stared at us, his face dark with fury.\""
"4428" "\"Wanita May grew up in the fruit belt of Ontario - St.Catharines. Crazy-happy childhood, she always has had a vivid imagination and loads of energy.\""
"4429" "\"Stand Out Dream Sequence: This being a Ken Russell film, what else can you expect but crazy messed up dream sequences? I can’t even start to explain the dream sequences on this film because they are surreal to the extreme, but I’ll leave it at this: you’ll see Jesus Christ with a goat head that has six eyes! How’s that for a whacked out dream sequence?\""
"4430" "\"‘It is interesting to note that the quality of alertness in the nature of consciousness is due to the co-existence of these two opposite values within its structure. Togetherness of these contradictory qualities within the structure of consciousness renders consciousness wakeful, alert, and lively. Consciousness is the lively field of all possibilities.\""
"4431" "\"2. Buy us a new garbage can with a swing top lid and 6 pairs of black cotton underpants (women’s size____).\""
"4432" "\"Texas locks up fewer than 160,000 inmates in state prisons, but according to census data, the number of \\"unauthorized\\" immigrants runs to ten times that number - more than 1.6 million people. To actually accomplish such a goal would require upheaval rivaled in history only by Soviet transmigration policies under Stalin, rounding up and incarcerating millions for the crime of finding a job, working, and raising a family on the wrong side of the border.\""
"4433" "\"In my family, if you needed a cook, caterer, party planner, babysitter, pediatrician, guidance counselor, conflict resolution specialist, teacher, nurse, seamstress, chauffeur, pet sitter, vet, wildlife rehabilitator, horticulturist, or historian, you just called Mam-Maw. She was busy. But she always had time to laugh at your horrible comedy routine, and no matter how full her hands were, she always applauded vigorously at your dance recital. She would exclaim with pride over your drawings, even if they were merely scribbles to everyone else. Most of all, she believed in your dreams, and she taught you to believe in them. If you needed a hug, a hand to hold, a pat on the back, a shoulder to cry on, an encouraging word, or a kick in the behind, Mam-Maw provided it. The phrase \\"all things to all people\\" was made for her.\""
"4434" "\"The Gods were originally Old Ones were from the time before the creation of the Universe. They possessed the ability to exist in multiple times and dimensions simultaneously.\""
"4435" "\"17And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.\""
"4436" "\"The Electronic Anthology Project of Dinosaur Jr. is out on Record Store Day (4/21).\""
"4437" "\"The New York Times: Lies Of Omission For Breakfast Every Morning.\""
"4438" "\"Diana symbolises the Divine Feminine’s ability to provide nurturing for all it creatures even in the darkest winter.\""
"4439" "\"Pretty simple explanation and not too interesting.\""
"4440" "\"Another long, eventless night shift at my local, small town 30 bed hospital. I performed one xray on an ER patient and one CT Scan on a patient in ICU...that's it...for seven hours. I had eaten dinner to pass the time and spoke to a few friends within the hospital. My thoughts had begun to narrow down the path of how many hours were left in my 12 hour shift and how long until I'm back home with my family.\""
"4441" "\"But there it was, at the end of the tenancy, after the tenant had packed up and left the house for good.\""
"4442" "\"Congratulations Michele and grab your Showcase Winner Badge on the sidebar to proudly display on your blog!\""
"4443" "\"crusted with frost\""
"4444" "\"Pin: Maya Road\""
"4445" "\"Better yet you can scrounge some places in around your neighborhood and see if they have the fairs. You might find some vintage 50’s 60’s fashion accessories and clothes. Guys can wear a tie-n-dye shirt with bell bottomed jeans and long hair, else they can go for a punk band shirt like The Doors teamed with a bomber jacket( which is slightly hard to find) coupled with a pair of Doc Martens and look absolutely Baaad!!!\""
"4446" "\"At home we were able to get the shoes clean, and teeth brushed, face washed, and a little liquid into her. Then she realized we probably weren't going to go to the dance.... and the Crocodile Tears began to flow and then the sobbing... but I pulled myself together for Natalie. I told her if her tummy stopped hurting we would try to go, and a short time later she insisted she felt better. So off we went with the promise to tell me if she started feeling bad again.\""
"4447" "\"Inspiration.\""
"4448" "\"1176 *D-XI/16/1993. “Robert’s Rules of Order and the Conduct of Deliberative Assemblies in the United States.” Faculty Workshop, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1996(6), above.)\""
"4449" "\"It’s a tough one. How would you deal with an ineffective Manager?\""
"4450" "\"When that is happening God is keeping me. If you are crying out HELP then God is keeping you!\""
"4451" "\"Or a role play involving executive wear. Alright, quit it. Quit boasting I have a hot partner. =P\""
"4452" "\"So why did it take me so long to post about this when it was over a week ago? Glad you asked. By way of a long and convoluted intro, here's the crux of this post...\""
"4453" "\"Hutcherson is very focused on gay rights, in part because he lost two uncles to HIV while he was too young to really get to know them. He also credits his mother with helping establish his sense of activism and advocacy.\""
"4454" "\"My uncle owns 4 laundry mats in the town i live in. It is a very small town. I am positive he makes more then 25 to 40 grand annually. If you want to build a new one you could save thousands in the long run if you knew how to do electrian work and plumbing. I am not sure his exact figure but I can give you an idea how good a life you will have if it is a succesful laundry mat business. He lives on the lake in an over 1million $ house. He drives a Yukon just because he doesn't give a crap about cars. My cousin which is his daughter drives a new 2007 BMW. Recently he bought a brand new Mastercraft x30 paid in cash on the spot. So if you had a succesful one you could make alot of money.\\"\""
"4455" "\"Oh, and don't let's forget... The-Last-Turkey-Recipe-You-Will-Ever-Need.\""
"4456" "\"MPAA Rating: PG-13, some sexual content including references, and language\""
"4457" "\"Against Zerg ground-based anti-air, however, you would be at a loss. You’ll probably need a ground-based army as well. I haven’t really tested the strength of a Mothership + Carriers + Void Rays + Phoenix army against a Zerg defense force of Mutalisk + Corruptors + Hydralisk, but it seems that mass Hydralisk will nevertheless win.\""
"4458" "\"I know a whole family who operates like this. They blame and shame and tear down but never stop to see the hideousness of their own behavior. The son held a grudge towards his parents for favoring his little sister, something he felt set him up for a life of failures. This lead to several, years long, estrangements between him and his parents. They’d say something he didn’t like, and he’s cease all contact with them for years. I simply could not “get it” until I spoke to his parents during one of these estrangement periods. His parents told me stories of his lifelong habit of lying, his inability to keep a job, and about the time, when he was 19 or 20, when he came home from work late at night and woke his father up several times in a row, so they told him to move out. That had happened 25 years prior! Yes, I did have an “aha moment” about the son’s behavior at that point. It had been modeled for him all of his life. I have seven kids and I have been awakened more than once by one coming home late at night. My response was always, “Thank you,God! They are home and safe.” Then I went back to sleep. Sadly, narcissists do not learn to forgive, and let go, and move on, nor do they want to learn.\""
"4459" "\"Eager to make conversation I asked, “Where you headed?”\""
"4460" "\"Dearest Readers\""
"4461" "\"In New South Wales, Australia, we finally settled down,\""
"4462" "\"Farm murders in South Africa have reached a crisis point and stern action is needed to tackle the problem and to have it classified as a priority crime, the Solidarity Movement (specifically Solidarity, AfriForum and Kraal Uitgewers) said today. The Movement was reacting to the spate of farm attacks that has terrorised the farming community since the beginning of this year.\""
"4463" "\"I also made these gluten free oatmeal cookies. Look down there at the ingredients. Notice anything funky? Nope. That’s why I love these. This recipe is simple. No need for strange flours or gums. Just oats. Oh and butter. Duh.\""
"4464" "\"Well guess what I saw while I was there!?!\""
"4465" "\"Hat - Urban? Target? Forever 21? Somewhere inexpensive\""
"4466" "\"That said, I’m going to talk about something I don’t get:\""
"4467" "\"While I'm not here to promote drinking, the bottom line is, during the Super Bowl, there will be a lot of beer being consumed. While beer is never good for your pets, a company as come up with a pet safe beer.\""
"4468" "\"Smashing job, Pure Ice!\""
"4469" "\"1. Creative Homemade Pasta (ravioli, tortellini, trottole)\""
"4470" "\"We woke this mooring to a ucky with very low cloudy damp mist, even at 10 o’clock you couldn’t see Denver from Salters Lode.\""
"4471" "\"Nearing shore, we manoeuvered our slim crafts to beach side-by-side, hoping to avoid last summer's dousing arrival, the spilling-out of each of us into the lake. And success! Legs unfurled, stretched to regain a flow of blood, we stepped onto land with not a drop of water where it didn't belong. Heaved the kayaks to the roof of the car, strapped and buckled-down each one, and paddles & skirts & life-vests tossed in the back.\""
"4472" "\"It isn't long before the man, already expert at blanking out pain, falls asleep too.\""
"4473" "\"Tom can’t remember an old aunt named Pauline, but if she thinks he’s a long-lost nephew, he very well may be. After two desperate letters from Mae, he decides to pay a visit. An engagement, a runaway train, and a town of quirky, loveable people make for more of an adventure than Tom is expecting. But it is amazing what can bloom in winter when God is in charge of things.\""
"4474" "\"That titular role is that of Bernie Tiede, the local mortician in the small town of Carthage, Texas, who was one of the most beloved citizens around because of his absolutely willingness to always lend his neighbors a helping hand with tremendous ease. And one day Bernie befriended a woman with the total opposite attitude of his, Marjorie Nugent, a super wealthy widow with a sour outlook on the world. Yet they became great friends, and Nugent eventually trusted Bernie with everything in her life. Until her increasing demands one day became enough, and even though Bernie still ran her errands around town, the wealthy widow wasn’t actually seen around.\""
"4475" "\"the sound project aims to give local unsigned bands a platform in a professional venue to showcase their talent. It is run on a non-profit basis by a group of young volunteers from local secondary schools.\""
"4476" "\"My job was to guide and educate those who call us for help about their virus-related computer problems, with ‘virus’ being a catch all word for anything that’s wrong with the software. So it’s like teaching in a sense. The only difference is that we were talking to really stupid people who in turn made you even more stupid.\""
"4477" "\"Size: 10 ½ diameter and 8 inches tall.\""
"4478" "\"Also, even if you have been cycling since age 5 and can compete in timed half-centuries in your sleep, consider downplaying your prowess and adapting a \\"leisure cycle\\" mode. Don't kit up. If you have an old beater bike, ride that when you are together instead of your super-fast roadbike. I would even go so far as to suggest buying an old vintage upright-ish bike for yourself, to match the level of the bike your spouse will be riding. This will even out the playing field between the two of you and will make you less intimidating.\""
"4479" "\"So many people say don't shoot into the light, but put people in front of the light and let it come through their hair. Think about moving yourself through the scene to figure out where it's reflecting best and where you can see the colors and the details and more. One of the most important things you can learn in photography is learning how you can use the light. Use to your advantage whatever light you have. Windows are awesome for this because they frequently aren't harsh light.\""
"4480" "\"A boxed cake (and accompanying ingredients--usually 3 eggs, oil, and water)\""
"4481" "\"Flowers - Wild Orchid Crafts.\""
"4482" "\"· Personal driving 17%\""
"4483" "\"Hjalti Omar – Lead Vocals\""
"4484" "\"His voice is calm as he responds, \\"So I googled it and well, it can cause anal leakage.\\"\""
"4485" "\"Me: Tout?\""
"4486" "\"I'd ask about a 12 step program, but I just don't want to get better, ya know!\""
"4487" "\"There are three things that I will go to my death fighting for. One: God, Two: Family, Three: America. Now if anyone messes with these three things or disses on them in any way, it will set a “sleeping lion” off in me like none other.\""
"4488" "\"However, now - I hope to god – I won’t continue the pattern because:\""
"4489" "\"Okay, sorry to bore you guys. But weeelllll.....\""
"4490" "\"Despite tenacious efforts made by me and fellow fashion enthusiasts to emulate our favorite runway looks, sometimes you wind up hitting a dead end. I remember when I first saw Balenciaga's Fall/Winter 08/09 show, I became frustrated when I realized I could not materialize the inspiration I received from the show's avant-garde, space age materials (I even considered purchasing a wetsuit and carving it into my own rough vision haha).\""
"4491" "\"As drag is created largely at the wing tips, I would not be surprised to see tapered flaps that flatten out at the wing tip and retain some downforce in the centre section. Teams may use the Pod for housing the actuators, although Mercedes succeeded with actuators hidden in the endplates. Having the pod above the wing clears the harder working lower surface, thus we will probably not see many support struts obstructing the wing.\""
"4492" "\"Dear Madrid, See you in 14 weeks. Love, Christy.\""
"4493" "\"I hope Swindon do well in League 1 as I like a lot of their players and Di Canio. They have a lot of potential and if they progress in the right way they could be in the Championship within a few years. The relegation to League 2 must have hurt the fans and I’m sure they are proud of their team and will be hoping for more success.\""
"4494" "\"But oh my gosh, you guys, the most exciting thing ever- our South Africa trip starts, um, tomorrow!!! Eeek! We leave on Wednesday night for DC, where we have a 10 hour layover (aka we will be going into the city for lunch), then we board another plane to Senegal (I had to look it up, too, don't worry!), a short layover, and then ANOTHER flight to Johannesburg, South Africa. We'll be there for a day, then travel around South Africa, to the Waterberg Area, wine country, and end the trip with a few days in Capetown. It is going to be quite a trip and I can hardly wait for this adventure with my love (I started packing last week)!! Of course, the camera comes with, and I'll be taking as many photos as I can of all the amazing things we see. I'm really hoping to see these:\""
"4495" "\"So one who keeps his happiness is one who is internally flexible.\""
"4496" "\"1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt\""
"4497" "\"What has pulled me back into writing again is that we are spending the weekend in Monterey, exactly a year from the last time we made this same trip. I'm running in a marathon relay with my co-workers (I run seven miles, not a whole marathon, I hasten to add), and brought the family down for a little mini break in this idyllic California tourist town. We are in an identical motel room, I think it is actually the room next door to the one we had last year, we ate an identical breakfast at the same Denny's restaurant (waffles. Geekygirl actually had waffles for 4 of the 6 meals we ate on the trip!) and spent another beautiful day at the aquarium. We dined at the same Mexican restaurant we went to last year with the rest of my co-workers, and again I got up at 4am to catch the bus to my relay race starting point, wondering again what on earth possessed me to sign up for this venture.\""
"4498" "\"Dessert: Mrs. Truman's Coconut Balls\""
"4499" "\"Jacob Zuma, Blade Nzimande, Ngoako Ramatlhodi, Billy Masetlha, Nyami Booi (who was yesterday appointed Chairman of the ANC's parliamentary caucus), Thaba Mufamadi and Playfair Morule have all been investigated by the Scorpions.\""
"4500" "\"and speak up.\""
"4501" "\"HOGAN H. Flu vaccinations: are they worth the cost? Occup Health 1993; 45: 21-22.\""
"4502" "\"Here's the song that sets off this memory\""
"4503" "\"6. Facebook this giveaway, including the link (can do this daily, just leave a comment each day)\""
"4504" "\"(crow), ‘goro cul’lo’ (white crab) or ‘cauo cul’lo’\""
"4505" "\"Lord for my sake\""
"4506" "\"‘God judges political power, calling it the great harlot. We can expect from it neither justice, nor truth, nor any good – only destruction.’\""
"4507" "\"But one problem that always faced the family was the lack of chairs. Sure there was the couch and Paco’s lazy boy along with the eight or so dining room chairs. But still they were all just a very small dent on the side of the big ship called 399, and simply not enough to support all the guests.\""
"4508" "\"- salt and pepper\""
"4509" "\"Britt is a great deal more straightforward. A former burglar turned straight under Hank's influence (and that of his girlfriend Katie (Laura Allen), whose own attitude towards Britt's criminal past is sometimes disturbingly ambivalent), Britt starts the season as Hank's sidekick and spends it coming into his own, developing his PI skills and his understanding of Hank's limitations and fatal flaws. Despite his criminal past, Britt is sweet, lovable, and always ready with a joke, and Raymond-James could have coasted on these qualities. Instead he imbues Britt with intelligence and a bit of a dark side. He doesn't downplay Britt's lack of maturity, his recognition that he's done terrible things, or his capacity to do them in the future. Still, Britt is most interesting when he's playing opposite other characters. He and Katie are deeply in love, but the relationship has reached the point where it needs to either get a lot more serious or collapse under its own weight, and one of the season's central questions is which way it will fall. There's a lot standing in Britt and Katie's path--he's not quite ready for serious commitment, and she may not be able (or willing) to act as the calm moral center of his tumultuous life--but also a lot to be gained, and the uncertainty of their fate quickly becomes as nail-bitingly tense as the season's central mystery and Hank's journey towards both salvation and damnation. Britt's partnership with Hank, meanwhile, is the one entirely positive force in his life, and for Hank it is the one relationship where he is doing good rather than damage (for now). It's the crux of the characters' lives and of the show. With typical thoughtfulness (and demonstrating the sort of subtlety that probably got them canceled) Terriers's writers avoid the most common trope of partnership-based shows. Britt and Hank are not the most important people in each other's lives. There are people that they love more than each other and relationships that matter more to them than their partnership (I do not, for example, think that they make a particularly slashable couple, though I'm sure there are those who disagree). But that partnership is what makes all those other relationships possible, and when they falter--when Hank burns his last bridge with his ex-wife, or when Britt and Katie flame out--it's there to support them.\""
"4510" "\"The gay rights movement better pray that the Supreme Court takes the Prop 8 case and that they uphold Prop 8…because if they don’t, you will see a federal Constitutional Amendment defining marriage as a man and a woman clear both the House and the Senate without much debate and you will see it ratified by three-quarters of the states. If California is willing to pass such a ban, do you really think any of the other states will put up much of a fight? And it will take generations to get that stain of an amendment overturned.\""
"4511" "\"The guitarist for my band, Kill the Huxter, had just informed me that a family vacation had popped up and the comeback show we'd slated for August 27th (see flyers below) was off. I suppose we could find a replacement guitarist and teach him or her the licks, but I try to recognize and deal with underlying problems and not put an adhesive bandage on the symptom. Since I had been in talking to the venue, I get to inform them of our flakiness and find a replacement band. After that, I'm going to focus solely on the drums for the band and nothing else.\""
"4512" "\"Of an included challenge to one of Nokia's patents, Mark Durrant of Nokia said: “Nokia is confident that all of the 37 patents it has asserted against Apple” are valid,\""
"4513" "\"Home ownership isn’t for everyone. It’s definitely a long-term commitment. The prices of homes increase over the years, but usually at a slow rate. With all the financing, closing costs and other expenses associated with owning a home, you’ll probably lose money if you sell in less than five years.\""
"4514" "\"\\"It was a huge mistake. It was Mutassim's idea. There were about 45 vehicles, 160-180 men, some of them were wounded,\\" said Daou.\""
"4515" "\"F you for not being able to recognize strength and confused it for weakness; for confusing honesty with dishonesty; for distorting trustworthiness with manipulation. All of what you told me where lies because you were still evaluating me based on someone else’s actions. I can admit that now, it’s your turn.\""
"4516" "\"This marvellous Victorian promotional handbill (flyer) from London addresses the discerning working man in need of new clothing. Written in a presumably authentic slang current at the time, it has an immediacy and humour that defies its age, even though much of it is completely mystifying to the modern reader.\""
"4517" "\"That doesn't mean I have never exercised. I surely have. I have step aerobicized, Zumba'd, Body Pump'd, Jazzercised, Kick Boxed, real boxed (this was my favorite but I jammed my wrists and had to stop). I've stair stepped, ellipticated, arc trained, lifted weights and done sit ups on a ball. I have stationary biked, biked outside and roller bladed. I simply have never run.\""
"4518" "\"This is a suitably chilling and atmospheric version of the famous tale, from the pen of Jane ( Kick-Ass, X-Men: First Class ) Goldman, and directed by James ( Eden Lake ) Watkins. Every creepy trick in the book is wheeled out to make the viewer uneasy as we follow flickering candles down darkened corridors, hear unearthly cries in the fog, and jump out of our seats as faces appear reflected in windows or glimpsed through a zoetrope. The gloomy, Gothic feel of the movie is reflected in the detailed production design: the jumbled, Edwardian mess of Eel Marsh House and the rain-lashed, grimy cottages and pub of Crythin Gifford. The Woman herself is a blurry, shadowy figure, often lurking at the edge of the frame, watching and waiting.\""
"4519" "\"earn 2x $5 +up\""
"4520" "\"And left poor maggie scarce a stump.\""
"4521" "\"We had to do a project in art class on sexuality and how we see ourselves, and since mine was sort of related to fashion, sharing time!\""
"4522" "\"The CAFC's majority opinion quietly punted this issue. What was very interesting was the opinion's observation in footnote 23: \\"We also note that the process claim at issue in this appeal is not, in any event, a software claim. Thus the facts here would be largely unhelpful in illuminating the distinctions between those software claims that are patent-eligible and those that are not.\\" Well.\""
"4523" "\"I'm just asking: Is there something wrong about this picture? (Besides that it is blurry. Sorry about that.)\""
"4524" "\"Please if you're in this swap and want to be surprised...don't peek. Also...my element mommas if you read this...fair warning! ;)\""
"4525" "\"Why am I giving these many details about it? Because it’s a surprisingly good book. It’s a small treasure.\""
"4526" "\"2010 has come to an end…\""
"4527" "\"This shocked me, \\"That's it? Seriously?\\"\""
"4528" "\"And of course that brings us up to date with myself, Dayne, Forest, Matthieu, Violaine and new comer Caitlin watching some crazy ass fireworks and drinking Aquavit in Oslo Norway which I'll write about in a separate post.\""
"4529" "\"The pure and raw prayer of a mentally disabled child. The pure and raw emotion of a soul unable to comprehend the hatred that leads to murder, but masterfully gifted in absorbing and offering love.\""
"4530" "\"I am the only person outside of my family that I know who is the daughter of an organist. I even grew up with an organ in my house. My mother learned how to play when she was a young girl. Her first job playing the organ began when she was 16 years old. She continued playing in various churches for 50 years. When she was let go from her last job, it was very difficult for her, because it was her life.\""
"4531" "\"240 West 35th Street, Suite 500\""
"4532" "\"Is There a Solution?\""
"4533" "\"Almost instantaneously the engines stopped.\""
"4534" "\". Exposure to processing data in a batch environment is preferred\""
"4535" "\"I pray that you will find truth in God’s Word and use a good translation of the Bible. The KJV is always safe but there are other good versions. I no longer can recommend BSF until there is a retraction of the recommended book by Dallas Willard, until “The Message” is dropped as the Word of God. There are good people still in this organization. I pray that their voices will be heard as witnesses to the light and truth.\""
"4536" "\"But before we get into the new products, I need to put out a little notice. I know how everyone loves the Manic Monday Freebies! And I love to do them as well. But....I have noticed several orders coming through the store with more than one of the freebie in the cart. Now, I know it is a freebie, and it is really not a big deal, because I do put it up for free, but if you could please check your cart to make sure that you are only checking out with one freebie, I would greatly appreciate it. I use the invoice to track how many of the freebies go out, and if there are two or three going out in a cart, it throws my data off for that week. I track the freebies because it helps me to determine what kinds of stamps everyone likes so that I know what to put in the store for sale. As you know, I make no money off of the freebies, I do them because I love to do them. I don't want to have to go back to doing a coupon for freebies, just to keep my data in check. I would rather you all just be able to pop in the store and get what you want and check out without using a coupon for freebies. I'm going to see how next week goes and then decide whether to go back to the coupons or not. Help a girl out and double check your carts when you are getting your Manic Monday Freebie! It helps me to give you more of what you want! If you have any questions or concerns or issues about this, please email me and we will get it all sorted out! Please don't think that I am a gripin' or complainin', because I am really not, I just want to make sure my data is right for my store. I know you all will understand!\""
"4537" "\"At one point a couple of guys walked by to look at the game, and one turned to the other and knowingly explained, \\"Lord of the Rings.\\" I got an internal laugh out of it, but was too busy helping my players resolve a combat to explain otherwise.\""
"4538" "\"Things randomly happening in crass, haphazard succession. Repeat until fade. More of the same, exactly the same, as the first part but only occurring in a slightly shuffled sequence. It’s a money maker. A quality-proof hit-creating concept s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d out into a tediously bilious infinity. I’m now fully done with Bradley Cooper & pals’ tiresome escapades after two joyless jaunts. It’s the kind of film which proudly bellows that it doesn’t care about what it promotes or says because it truly believes that it belongs in a state of post-ironic universal acceptance of all things, however questionable. (Men can do what they want anytime, all the time; transsexuals are to be laughed at anytime, all the time, and so on.) That’s just the beginning of what’s so wrong about these godawful films. And another thing: it simply wasn't funny.\""
"4539" "\"Now, in the Plymouth wilderness sitting down with first Americans, eating foods from the wild never before tasted, undoubtedly motivated by gratitude for survival but more deeply moved by a recognition that the graciousness of God had pulled them through the dark, cold days of the struggle to form a new colony away from oppression and religious persecution in their homeland from whence they came.\""
"4540" "\"Boil the tortellini al dente.\""
"4541" "\"In practice we don't adhere absolutely to this, but exceptions are few. Our routine is to meet arriving customers in the baggage claim area, greet them, and either walk directly to the car or wait for their baggage.\""
"4542" "\"Like having a roof over your head.\""
"4543" "\"To benefit the Sisterhood Wellness Center of WNY (breast cancer survivors)\""
"4544" "\"An unashamed plug this week for Idea Transform, an event I’m helping organise between 20-22 April 2012 (so just a week’s time, depending on when you read this).\""
"4545" "\"“But how do we lift ourselves up so that we can be like the branches in the sky?” I asked. Pointing to the sky, I said, “I want to be up there. How do I get there?”\""
"4546" "\"Post 136 of 180\""
"4547" "\"Well actually, he was a cop in San Francisco for most of his career. But really, he was a writer. I spent hundreds of foggy San Francisco mornings with him throughout my childhood, flying kites at the Marina Green, buying breadsticks on Chestnut Street and taking naps in his arms to the sound of foghorns in the distance.\""
"4548" "\"That said, you can take my word for it – do download this album. Do it. Right now. All 16 tracks are available for free on the Bandcamp page, complete with lovable cover art and quirky titles like “Toaster Rodeo” and “Superbeard For Pete”. Don’t ask me what those signify.\""
"4549" "\"A couple of months ago a group of protesters went to the house of laws of Puerto Rico, they were there peacefully. They wanted to go and offer some solutions to what is going on in Puerto Rico, they wanted to read a manifest that would state how the country felt about the way things have been going. How were they received? They were violently kicked out of the building by force! The police force hit civilians indiscriminately, they didn’t care who they were hitting, these drones didn’t see a country crying out in pain, they saw something less then them. It was a horribly dark day in our history as far as I’m concerned. It was the day the government decided to do a show of force and scare its people. This is the kind of Puerto Rico I am living in. And this is why I need to see films like CHE and Romero. They let me see that I am not wrong in hating this kind of behavior from our government. When I see films that depict revolutionary leaders like Malcom X, Ernesto ‘Che’ Guevara, JFK, Martin Luther King, or even Ron Kovic (who’s story was brought to life in Oliver Stone’s Born on the Fourth of July) the question inevitably arises: where are our current revolutionary leaders? Can such a thing exist in today’s modern world? Or are people today so docile that no one is willing to stand up for what is right?\""
"4550" "\"12. open baggie, take paper out, if you use watercolor paper, you may want to take a heat gun to dry the paper, it will be soggy.\""
"4551" "\"When I think of this movie, I think of this montage with Ode to Joy playing behind it. This is the apex of the movie and it’s all down here from here. About half the time I watch the movie, I stop here, right at the halfway point.\""
"4552" "\"Homeland is a Showtime television series that has completed its first season. There are no spoilers here as I have not seen the whole run, yet. It is a political show that plays like a detective show. It is exciting but ultimately hackneyed and going nowhere.\""
"4553" "\"Arriving at the mall, we approached the customer service kiosk as my husband informed me he wasn’t going to let me wear myself out shopping. Dismissing my protests, he spoke with the mall staff and checked out a wheel chair. Pointing to the seat, he said, “let’s go for a ride.” It felt uncomfortable at first sitting and depending on him to push me around. I struggled with the strangeness of my new mall perspective. Sitting at a lower eye level than standing, it was reminiscent of walking beside my mother with my hand in hers, and not being allowed to walk around at will.\""
"4554" "\"reality tends to be 100% densely working\""
"4555" "\"This all started back in June, when I was watching and admiring the creativity and artistry in some of my favorite music videos. After viewing them quite a bit, I realized that a few of these unique videos were actually not quite videos– but rather– composed of hundreds of pictures put together very quickly to the songs. Of course, after this discovery, I had to give it a try.\""
"4556" "\"В« W.R. Grace Goes to Trial for Libby Asbestos Exposure- Tremolite\""
"4557" "\"I’m tempted to write the facts his symptoms followed by his slow recovery, however, that is not to be tonight.\""
"4558" "\"In March, I gave notice to the company I had been working for in my salaried, full-time position. In the course of 7 months, I worked over 2,100 hours. The company has stated they would like me to continue working for them and an offer is being drafted, but I have yet to receive that. I have been actively looking for work and have an offer on the table; one that would make for shocking changes in my home and with my youngest son – who still sees therapists weekly – and has massive adjustment issues that are detrimental to his progress. If you’ve never seen a child who has adjustment difficulties, I could introduce you to my youngest. It’s the one area that is still developmentally behind and a struggle to this day.\""
"4559" "\"As human beings in a broken world, we all face things that we find fearful; circumstances for which we have absolutely no control, nor the ability to gain control to determine the outcome. It is in this place that we must decide – Will I trust God?\""
"4560" "\"28 girls and their families were served through the Dream Home, STAR House, and Bridge Project\""
"4561" "\"That was last week, it seems an eternity ago… who knew that waiting could be so exhausting?\""
"4562" "\"Choi Yoo Min (oc)\""
"4563" "\"We can see the hopelessness of the ex-con’s situation, thanks to some superior establishing shots, filmed from the air. We feel for him too, because the Franklins have made it clear to us that he is innocent, and a good father—he’s just been driven to extremes. But the resolution of this near-massacre, peaceable though it is, speaks volumes. It is not among the cops that cooler heads prevail—they’re ready to shoot. Nor is it the poor man who solves things, out-gunned though he is, in his last stand. No, events are calmed only by the arrival of the wealthy father, who, having discovered his daughter’s game, makes a mad dash in his (fancy) car to the site of the showdown.\""
"4564" "\"3/4 cup (3 ounces) grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese\""
"4565" "\"with the beauty of my heart writing some soul\""
"4566" "\"To save extra painting (and because it's already nice and neutral) we decided to retain the original colour on the upper walls. It is Dulux Chalk USA as per the rest of our house.\""
"4567" "\"On the DVD’s one can access deleted scenes and every so often I do just that. I did just that after several episodes during season 2 and in particular I watched the deleted scenes after episode 8, “Performance Review.” Sometimes the best wisdom comes from the places we might easily overlook and I think it is easy to overlook the wisdom of Michael Scott. Here’s what Michael said in one deleted scene:\""
"4568" "\"Weeelllllll, it wasn't long before we realized little Selam may not be car sick, but real sick. Stomach virus sick because we had to stop two more times to clean up, change, cover up, etc. It wasn't pretty. :) Poor little baby!! I can only imagine what the people driving behind us were thinking as we would veer to the side of the road to pull over so we could make sure she would choke on her vomit. Poor thing!! We quickly ran out of wipes, extra clothes and blankets. So much for super mom patting herself on the back for planning for every scenario. Serves me right for thinking I had it covered! We have never had this happen on a trip before, it was not fun! I wished more than one time on this trip that I could just zap us back home, we felt so bad for Selam. I even had to beg for wipes from a sweet mom at one of our unexpected gas station stops. This was after I literally washed Selam off in the restroom sink. The convenient store didn't have wipes for sale. Who would've thought? At our third unplanned stop another sweet man at a rest stop gave us a roll of paper towels. Note to self, when traveling with four kids plan for the absolute worst situation. :)\""
"4569" "\"Basically all this is the long way around to saying I need to make a dungeon of great size and re-usability. I need something that I can run a thousand times with new players each time or any mix of people who have already been down into the depths and still have it be fun for everyone. I also want persistence so I can't just have a new dungeon every week. This means a Megadungeon, and not just any such place but one with a \\"first level\\" of immense size and a great number of entrances to all parts of it.\""
"4570" "\"I would add less poetically in today’s challenging world that might be more appropriate..”when a big wave is approaching, you better get your fricking boat out to sea!….because the marina and shoreline are about to get pounded!”\""
"4571" "\"Gabriel Silva gave an impassioned interview to Colombian newspaper El Tiempo where he criticised the American government’s handling of the scandal which saw federal agents buying hookers.\""
"4572" "\"So, a quick breakdown...\""
"4573" "\"As the year draws to a close, Sleepless Knight has already had to say goodbye to people I knew far too briefly, but all is not doom & gloom… not by a very long way. So I thought would share with you one or two things I have learned (or at least re-learned) in 2011. And, since this is a movie-lover’s blog, we’re gonna do it in movie style:\""
"4574" "\"The Club team had a successful weekend at Nationals in North Carolina this past weekend and placed 22nd.\""
"4575" "\"We have strange, painful ideas of \\"ownership\\" in this culture.\""
"4576" "\"100% increase of rates of blood clots.\""
"4577" "\"You Can’t Always Get What You Want\""
"4578" "\"Cycle Rotations:\""
"4579" "\"My DD had her photo retakes at school today, so that put me in the mood to scrap her school photos from last year! I know, I am far behind, but again, if you read my post on Wednesday, you would know that I have now made four pages in the last five days, which is more than I have made in the last 4 years! I'll catch up....I am determined to!\""
"4580" "\"In issuing Proclamation No. 1064, the government has taken the step necessary to open up the island to private ownership. This gesture may not be sufficient to appease some sectors which view the classification of the island partially into a forest reserve as absurd. That the island is no longer overrun by trees, however, does not becloud the vision to protect its remaining forest cover and to strike a healthy balance between progress and ecology. Ecological conservation is as important as economic progress.\""
"4581" "\"Another profound impact on my development happened in elementary school, when I was first introduced to the honor rule. I can clearly remember the chill that went down my spine when my adolescent mind grasped the significance of being on my own and responsible for myself. It was both scary and exhilarating at once and, in my own childish way, I knew that this was one of the most important lessons I would ever learn. It meant that I had to think for myself and take responsibility for my own actions. I had to take charge of my own mind so that I could be sure to do the right thing.\""
"4582" "\"The team of engineers and technicians at Hypertech R&D center in Memphis uses two computerized chassis dynamometers to develop the most powerful tuning programs possible. First they experimentally adjust the spark timing to obtain the highest torque and power readings at a given engine rpm. Then they adjust the air/fuel ratio to obtain the highest possible power and torque readings that an optimized air/fuel mixture can produce. After the spark timing and air/fuel ratio for that particular engine speed have been optimized, the rpm is increased to the next point and the entire procedure is repeated again. The process continues, point by point, up to the engine’s maximum speed. This technique is called experimental, point-by-point curve fitting. There is no more effective way to power tune an engine.\""
"4583" "\"I didn’t advocate federal mandates. I talked about it at a state level, finding a way — which included an escape clause that people didn’t have to buy it — finding a way to try to have people have insurance, particularly for wealthy people who are simply free-riding on local hospitals. But the fact is, it was a personal system, dramatically different than either Romneycare or the version Rick just discussed.\""
"4584" "\"Well, such psychological traits of the person in exclusive command do shed some light on the goings on. But should we not, as Marxists, try and move beyond the individual and grasp the class character and peculiar features of the regime as such as it evolves on the debris of a social democratic dispensation and takes a definite shape before our eyes? We have carefully investigated the collapse of the LF government and its implications for the left movement; should we not focus the spotlight now on the political formation that took its place?\""
"4585" "\"I agree that a Referendum on splitting private debt from sovereign debt should be the first thing a new Govt organises. It is obscene that the people have had no say in being forced to pay for vast amounts of private debt. With a certain huge NO vote, at least the new Govt can go to Europe to negotiate.\""
"4586" "\"Today I saw a car crash.\""
"4587" "\"In general, yes it's true that a commuter who's on a train isn't driving, and therefore not polluting, using gasoline or running people over. But that's where the park-and-rides come in. If a commuter is only on your train for half their commute, they're still behind the wheel for the other half, polluting, burning gas and putting lives in danger the whole way. And if they then stay in the car for errands on the way home, that's more driving, plus they're shopping at car-oriented stores.\""
"4588" "\"Only to be with you\""
"4589" "\"Murphy — who is also a contributing expert to FOX News, CNBC and other media — warns that decisions will have to be made well in advance of the key implementation year of 2014.\""
"4590" "\"Actually the whole trip starting out with a bang. Not literally. Get your mind out of the gutter, readers. Wait, what am I saying? This is Lola. Place your mind firmly back in the gutters from whence you came and stay there. Forever.\""
"4591" "\"“I would be all right after awhile. What time is it?”\""
"4592" "\"Here are a few others I sampled:\""
"4593" "\"**Oh, edited to add, I only bring water for myself since I get Dr Pepper when we eat but Gordon appreciates it when I pack an energy drink, sunflower seeds, and gum for him ;)\""
"4594" "\"By the time that was done, guess who was the only one who couldn't get home? Reports on the news were that bridges and overpasses were icy and slick; in a one-mile stretch on the interstate, 13 cars had spun/slid and slammed into the guardrails. Luckily, no one was hurt, but it was a mess.\""
"4595" "\"kenfrost.hk\""
"4596" "\"Add to this the fact that we begin to learn throughout the latter half of the book that there's more to Cale than we thought at first. His powers and skills are slowly revealed especially as he takes on bullies and others whom Cale makes as enemies.\""
"4597" "\"Sorry chaps but this is a 'girly' post today. I have been putting the job off for weeks but I have done it this morning; I have cleaned out my wardrobe.\""
"4598" "\"The 9th affirms the denial of petitioner's claims. The petitioner plead to two counts of intentional murder, rather than aggravated murder, for which he received two terms, running consecutive, of at least 25 years each (a total of 50). The COA allowed petitioner to argue that counsel committed IAC in his plea and sentence. The 9th held that counsel was not ineffective in his advice regarding the plea, and the plea colloquy established a knowing plea. The petitioner knew the sentences could be run consecutive or concurrently. Counsel's argument at sentencing focusing on prior childhood abuse at the hands of a relative was strategic, even if it upset the family. The 9th also had an opportunity to consider the recent Martinez case concerning IAC of PCR counsel. The 9th broadened the COA to include a claim of IAC against PCR counsel, where petitioner asked for a limited remand to establish such ineffectiveness. The 9th denied the request, although admitting that in other instances, if the record is bare as to the actions of PCR counsel, a remand could be warranted. Here, PCR counsel could not be considered ineffective for failing to raise an IAC claim against trial counsel, given that the 9th found that any such claim would be meritless.\""
"4599" "\"Still, as the skies turn ever so dark, while we slowly yet steadily move into the half a year of twilight, my daily extended drive from work makes up for those departed views.\""
"4600" "\"For a wonder, Notia did as bidden. Pevan pushed the Four Knot from her mind, quickly followed by Dagdan. The world came down to the image of Van Raighan's sleek, lean face disappearing into a circle of sky and the unseen but instinctively known outline of the Gate's residue.\""
"4601" "\"They \\"prepare\\" me to real life, guess what, I've lived much more than you think and I'm still not living. And in \\"real life\\" we don't have any help you know, we have to do everything by ourselves. Guess what, I'm trying, but I fucking can't with all this pressure, someday I'm just going to explode and I don't want to know what is going to happen.\""
"4602" "\"The smiles that win, the tints that glow,\""
"4603" "\"Let’s now re-ask the earlier question: Should American taxpayer finance the corrupt big-government policies of Greece?\""
"4604" "\"Craptastic, BS 12345-67\""
"4605" "\"I began my day by waking up early (shocking, considering I am anything BUT a morning person, especially on Mondays!) to see the Duggar family on the Today Show. I was hoping for a new baby announcement from Josh and Anna seeing as how it's been almost a year since little Michael James was born, but I guessed wrong. I was a little disappointed, but I suppose I'll get over it. ;)\""
"4606" "\"Three Ways to Lose an eBook Sale on eBay\""
"4607" "\"The night it finally ended, Wednesday, December 13, I watched the speeches on television just like everybody else. I was back in my apartment in New York, ready to resume my life, but still held in some kind of suspended animation by this horrible, tedious process. But now, yes, it was over.\""
"4608" "\"I have been busy completing so many different tasks, that the task of updating my blog got pushed to the back burner. The end of my teaching year is quickly approaching which means there has been piles of grading, student artwork to frame for our school district show, and lesson plans in which to make final adjustments.\""
"4609" "\"The other thing that captures my heart about this story is the picture of Solomon, wisest man on the planet, kneeling with hands in the air, praying this magnificent prayer before the people. Can you imagine what it would be like if this happened today? Our president (or any ruler), kneeling in reverence, praying to God in front of throngs of people. Unfathomable.\""
"4610" "\"Björk Violently happy IS\""
"4611" "\"\\"Was this really so difficult?\\"\""
"4612" "\"head when he is told not to move because he\""
"4613" "\"green Leggings – £7\""
"4614" "\"Tom and I continued drinking the Bramble Rye even though it made us cringe with every sip. Even right now I have the goblet with some of Tom's leftover Bramble Rye in it and the smell is making me want to gag. Tom also told me that he almost threw up in the middle of the night after drinking it.\""
"4615" "\"Air NZ takes possession of ‘cuddle class’ plane\""
"4616" "\"Now that he taught us why we must sow in the spirit, what it means, and what we must ask ourselves daily in order to ensure that we do so, he addresses more about what it means we need to do specifically to sow in the Spirit.\""
"4617" "\"2 Place butter in large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave at MEDIUM (50%) 2 to 2-1/2 minutes or until melted. Stir in sugar and vanilla. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well with spoon after each addition. Add cocoa; beat until well blended. Add flour, baking powder and salt; beat well. Stir in nuts, if desired. Pour batter into prepared pan.\""
"4618" "\"Fluently translated by her friend and interpreter Alyona Kojevnikov, Information Director of Keston College in Kent, Grey is the Colour of Hope contains some of Irina Ratushinskayas previously unpublished poems.\""
"4619" "\"The Darth Vader Building\""
"4620" "\"Ed.\""
"4621" "\"I still love this track although it does sound a bit tame now.\""
"4622" "\"On the knitting front, we are getting ready for New Years and to add our new puppy to the fun I knitted him a bowtie! I had this one ball of black Alpaca yarn which I have not been able to use because it is not enough to really make much so it was perfect for this little project and I could probably make a dozen more since it takes so little yarn.\""
"4623" "\"Right now I am currently reading about Sarah (Abraham's wife- Gen 17). For most people they know Sarah as the woman who didn't have a child until she was 90 years old. Many women who have fertility issues can relate to her and take hope from her experience.\""
"4624" "\"Back to the van... I removed everything, and I mean everything from the van... I even found my favorite lip balm that had gone MIA a while back. How's that for finding the silver lining?\""
"4625" "\"Almost every day the media has a story about the environment: Global Warming; The Gulf Oil Spill; Contaminated Drinking Water…the list continues on and on. In an effort to learn more about ecology and to teach my children good habits, I embarked on a mission to find the 10 best children’s books on the subject. The following books are very entertaining and they all offer an excellent way to teach children (and adults) about the environment.\""
"4626" "\"Several months ago I committed and became very excited about returning to Orlando in March. At that time I was struggling with an ongoing health issue and was uncertain what the future would hold when it came to amunt of time off work.\""
"4627" "\"You can have notes in hand. We are looking for individuals who can report the news but also add insight into how the current article/story relates to the larger globalist agenda.\""
"4628" "\"As Rowling writes the books I also love how she gives you a little background which is intertwined throughout the book. Helps you remember what had happened before (if you really forgot the scenes, which I really never do). She doesn’t just tell you but as she writes there are details telling you what happened.\""
"4629" "\"I thought there’d be more leftover meatloaf to make this shepherd’s pie but we ate so much last Tuesday night that I actually had to buy beef to add to it which felt sort of silly. It reminds me of my mother-in-law who used to throw a fabulous open house after Christmas called “The Leftover Party.” But over the years the guest list became so large that she began to have to cook extra turkeys and hams for the “leftovers!”\""
"4630" "\"My throat tightened a little bit and I swallowed over the growing lump.\""
"4631" "\"In September, I left a position on the leadership team at a corporate franchise in the city to move back home to the country. I had been splitting my time between our country home, where my husband lived full-time, and the city, where my job was. Monday morning I would wake up early and drive the three hours to the city and return to the country early afternoon on Thursday and work from home the remainder of the week. Near the end of last summer, he asked me to please move home permanently and start really working on starting a family. The split-life was starting to take it’s toll and I decided my marriage was more important than my job and so in the fall, I packed up, left the city and subsequently left my job/career.\""
"4632" "\"If Hospitals, clinics, and a growing number of non-medical companies and institutions can institute No Smoking criteria for new employees, then the opposite must also certainly be true for the hospitality industry and a “Smokers Only” employment policy can be no more or less acceptable in promoting those business that are based on providing accommodation, hospitality and fellowship between like minded individuals.\""
"4633" "\"Straub commented on this in a 1968 interview with Filmkritik magazine:\""
"4634" "\"again -- it was, in a word, nuts.\""
"4635" "\"When nightfall comes, I will linger on the steps of old churches, and close my eyes to listen to imaginary chimes and hymns ringing, and my face shall glow in the moon like the face of Moses. I will inhale the pleasant poisonous vapors of jasmine and honeysuckle and suck the volcanic nectar from their dainty yellow trumpets until my soul is aflame with joy.\""
"4636" "\"Our job as writers is to keep readers reading. Beyond that, we want to make them forget they are reading so they feel they are in the story and have a stake in the outcome. That's easiest to do in scenes, which consist primarily of action and dialogue with some internalization and description sprinkled in. But narrative, much maligned, is often useful or even necessary despite the bad rap it gets from the oh-so-often-repeated \\"show don't tell\\" rule we all throw around.\""
"4637" "\"Ju 390 A: Transporter\""
"4638" "\"Please don’t think that I’ve hatched this plot because I’ve got it in for Hef. On the contrary, I have his best interests at heart. Hef, you see, is a man who has grown accustomed to making a gigantic anus of himself. The older he gets, the more anus-like he becomes. If he continues on his current path, he will be all anus and no cheeks. This will make him the terrestrial equivalent of a black hole, sucking passing bodies into his vortex and transporting them to the parallel universe inside The Playboy Mansion. Only by draining the anus of its cash supply will it be sapped of its lethal power, allowing Hef to live out his final years in dignity and peace.\""
"4639" "\"BLOGGING as a way of making sense and remembering, and in the hope that some of it may be helpful, interesting and encouraging to those who read it.\""
"4640" "\"D = Determination\""
"4641" "\"The other two dead victims were identified as Dannaer Fields, 49, and Bobby Clark, 54.\""
"4642" "\"more important than your family. Give them the time they deserve, because\""
"4643" "\"This weekend was not perfect. It was not spent with the smells of a new baby or the cries of joy and relief. Rather, it was spent with a quivering lip, wet cheeks and puffy eyes. Now of course we both have wonderful moms that we had to celebrate, but having this holiday the day after\""
"4644" "\"As humans, here on this earth, we each have only 24 hours in a day.\""
"4645" "\"I keep being told that in the life of a SB child the first year is the hardest. SO I just keep counting down. I would do just about anything for my kids but we are in need of a break. I just want things to level out and be able to breathe. Little did I know it was coming very soon. I just didn't know it would come in the form it did.\""
"4646" "\"His office is his mobile 'phone and the pocket of his jeans.\""
"4647" "\"If the total number of jobs is equivalent to 1,240 full-time equivalent jobs, as stated last week, then that means a total of 49,600 hours a week and 2,579,200 hours for the year.\""
"4648" "\"Enjoy your flowers or give a bouquet to Grandma! xoxo Kate\""
"4649" "\"722 **D-Spring/1976. “Slavery and the Constitution. A Conversation Between Melvin E. Bradford and George Anastaplo.” Politics Department, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-1977(3), above, and in Item C-1989(4), above, pp. 681-91.)\""
"4650" "\"In the old days (when life was sunny and fairies danced in the meadows...and editors said 'yes' every morning), I never wrote a synopsis. Now I do. What's more I slave over it every bit as hard as I do my books. I have news for you. The rainclouds are overhead, the fairies have gone back to Tir na n-Og...and children's book editors (and agents) say yes as often as geese lay golden eggs. A professional-looking synopsis is therefore essential.\""
"4651" "\"This is where my patience came in handy.\""
"4652" "\"So for this giveaway you will have to do the following: Each One gives your more chances!!\""
"4653" "\"This website is dedicated to his teachings on aging as a spiritual path.\""
"4654" "\"Safe, Sane and Consensual is something that should be taken to heart outside the BDSM community, because that's really all that matters in the bedroom. Nothing you do behind closed doors is wrong just as long as everyone involved likes it and has made the educated decision to say 'yes'.\""
"4655" "\"The other book is The Alchemist's Daughter, which I find a little hard to get into. Hopefully it will get more exciting after a few more chapters.\""
"4656" "\"....In my last post, I discussed the neglect of communist atrocities. Although communist governments murdered and repressed even more people than the Nazis, their crimes have gotten only a tiny fraction of the public awareness and recognition extend to the latter. But does that neglect matter? After all, the major communist regimes have either collapsed (the USSR and its Eastern European satellites) or evolved into much less oppressive forms (China and Vietnam). But there are several reasons why increasing recognition of communist crimes should be an important priority: providing justice for victims and perpetrators; alleviating the oppression of the unreformed communist governments that still exist today; and ensuring that comparable atrocities are never repeated....\""
"4657" "\"Buy now! It’s on sale! They won’t have it again!\""
"4658" "\"^ u ^\""
"4659" "\"Fourth Of July In Calcutta\""
"4660" "\"What is your favorite color? Is it also your favorite color to work with when designing?\""
"4661" "\"Integrity need not shine.\""
"4662" "\"Jimi Hendrix is on lead guitar, a fag hanging out of his mouth as he points his finger and waves at Jim Morrison who is dancing topless in the crowd.\""
"4663" "\"In The Blue Light Project, Taylor has once again put his literary finger on cultural currents just at the moment of their emergence from our collective subconscious — big ideas like the dynamics and ritual nature of celebrity culture, the need to find (like the freesteal artists) a way of moving freely and creatively through our world, and our ability, through the power of individual choice, to continue to tell our own stories, in the face of unprecedented external scrutiny and manipulation. It is this ability, I think, that imbues his writing with its sense of uncanny fascination, and keeps one returning to the ideas long after the book is finished.\""
"4664" "\"Incidentally, I've been rambling on about the sexy publicity stunts pulled by the brazen ladies of the 30s, 40s and 50s over on Boob.ie, most of which involved their boobs. So that particular post contains pictures of boobs, just so's you're warned. Boobs.\""
"4665" "\"Anyway, the mates or mights cleared a seat for me. Actually it wasn’t a seat, it was more of a ledge on which several Thais were asleep on those colored plastic bags one sees throughout Asia in which the locals carry just about everything from place to place. I snuggled into my spot, cut off from any sea breezes and sweated my way across the bay.\""
"4666" "\"B+\""
"4667" "\"The Pentlands site is also the only site that lay in an area in which Renwick is known to have had a strong support base and active local societies who were capable of organising such an event. There is no evidence of a similar Societies’ structure existing around Stirling.\""
"4668" "\"Terry and Patrick find themselves kidnapped and tied up by an old friend of theirs who's worried about something bad coming. The writers have been promising for a while now that we'd get more on Terry's past, so it's nice they're actually delivering on that promise.\""
"4669" "\"I told our coordinator I loved The Beatles, so I'm only assuming something Beatles was played.\""
"4670" "\"Best Overall Chocolate - Amy Blodgett (amateur class)\""
"4671" "\"Children of the Dutch royal family are destined to carry along the torch of treason.\""
"4672" "\"The landscape in the area was much different than Elwynn. It boggled Creme’s mind that just moments (hours?) ago they had been in a lush green forest full of pines and leafy trees with brilliant colored grasses and bushes. Now they were surrounded by reddish brown peaks in the distance, with few trees to be seen. The grass was much more sparse, a lighter hue, with the red-brown soil peaking through. The bugs seemed to be the same though.\""
"4673" "\"So there's today's interesting tidbits! :)\""
"4674" "\"Next year, nearly 50 000 South African students will leave for university or college for the very first time. Their education will cost about R52,000 (including residence fees) per year at a major university. Scholarships and grants reduce the cost for some families, but still, the average student leaves university with R150,000 in debt.\""
"4675" "\"An alphabetical list of all posts so far can be found at the end of this post\""
"4676" "\"THE PHENOMENAL HANDCLAP BAND - Form and Control\""
"4677" "\"with 60 Improvised Explosive\""
"4678" "\"I don't remember how I found this book. It was one of those times I clicked on something that took me somewhere else that ultimately landed me on this book. And when I saw endorsements from two writers I admire (Mary DeMuth and Ann Voskamp) I investigated more closely. (Proving that endorsements do work!) I downloaded the free sample for the ebook and read through it so fast that, when I got to the end I just had to buy it and keep reading. (Proving that samples do work!) I am loving this book. It's hijacked my other reading-- books I liked getting pushed to the side for this book I am loving.\""
"4679" "\"About a month ago, G took it upon herself to plant all of our silverbeet in the herb bed. Consequently, we have had so much silverbeet growing in our garden we can't eat it quickly enough. Even the chooks are over it. So, with too much Silverbeet to eat, Jo and I decided to head off to the Glenbrook markets and try our luck at selling it at a local produce market stall.\""
"4680" "\"on, but that he could not discuss them until they had\""
"4681" "\"Since publishing, that post has received a steady stream of comments from Teva Living customers who are having a terrible time getting their orders fulfilled and reporting generally bad customer service. Many have been waiting months (yes, months!) for their orders to arrive and seem so dismayed by the situation, they aren't confident they will ever receive their merchandise. I decided to do this follow-up post to alert anyone who had learned of Teva Living from Honey + Fitz and hadn't been back to that original post and seen those comments.\""
"4682" "\"I recommend this to: Mythology lovers, YA fantasy readers... EVERYONE.\""
"4683" "\"...the date and time were originally set to B.C.\""
"4684" "\"As much as I am reluctant to respond to yet another of your salacious stories, I feel obliged to reply to the article published under the heading: ‘Madeley: I hate wearing knickers’ (08/08/09).\""
"4685" "\"Thanks for stopping by my studio today and have a great weekend!\""
"4686" "\"extended family that I was estranged for about 16 years. There are\""
"4687" "\"Take time to sit under a shady tree and watch the clouds go by ... remember, it's the quiet times that will help you through all the stress that life will throw out at you.\""
"4688" "\"Finding a price that is reasonable for such a long period is difficult and we are very fortunate to have already found locations that will work. Despite the good deals we found, staying in another city for 6 weeks isn't cheap, nor is the gas it takes to get there. We're expecting to spend at least $600 on gas and $1200 on lodging. Unfortunately we don't make enough to have extra set aside for this sort of thing and we're looking for ways to fundraise for this need. If you are interested in making a donation to help with our expenses you can send a check to:\""
"4689" "\"usually because I know that no matter where I go, there's a Walmart near & I can run & pick something up... from shampoo, to make up, to flip flops...\""
"4690" "\"Irene gave us some examples, then asked us to consider and – Write a poem about the feeling of loneliness. She suggested we look beyond the usual metaphors and get more personal in our understanding and expression of that sense of being we commonly call loneliness. If you still have some poetic breath following April, now please share this first May poem with us. And thank you Irene!\""
"4691" "\"But as I fumbled around with where to go next, a powerful reminder suddenly dawned on me: sitting next to me on the sofa was an 8 and 7 year old wading through an enormous amount of life-discovery. I can vaguely remember it was about that time that I began wondering how all types of things worked…especially justice. Unfortunately in this situation, justice was administered, but it was the wrong kind.\""
"4692" "\"The next Bethlehem Food Co-op meeting is open to ANYONE, and will be this Thursday, April 19th at 7pm at the Unitarian Universalist Church on Center Street in Bethlehem. Bring a friend, bring your kids, bring cookies.\""
"4693" "\"No easy task ahead: the hillside was satiated from the endless rain. That morning it continued, then snowed, and rained again, but fortunately subsided as they began to work. The first attempt to drive up the incline was aborted_ the truck tires spun in the wet clay.\""
"4694" "\"Quinoa & vegetable salad\""
"4695" "\"And how many doctors and nurses making babies swallow rotavirus vaccines know that?\""
"4696" "\"Learn nothing. Move on. Be all shocked when shit happens just like last time.\""
"4697" "\"His heart rate began to drop. Between each contraction, Lori was telling me to breathe oxygen to my baby. I did my best to follow her instructions through the extreme fatigue. It became very serious when Lori announced that they needed to get the doctor and the vacuum in the room. I heard this and even\""
"4698" "\"Remember I ran off last week to go meet my buddy? I made that comment after writing about how I only wanted to be with people who wanted to be with me. I’m closing with a picture of that meeting so you can see how being with people who want to be with you (that you want to be with) can be such a happy experience for the two of you. I really missed you Joan Diamond!\""
"4699" "\"Furthermore, if you find that the crystal pattern you love is a little more expensive than you were anticipating don't be surprised. The high price is most likely because of the product's hand-made nature. While technological advances continue to change the market, most fine crystal is made by artisans with ages of experience behind them and this experience is reflected in the cost.\""
"4700" "\"So, why the change of heart concerning Luck?\""
"4701" "\"a huge unsaying, it fell, torn language; settled,\""
"4702" "\"My masseur entered the room after faintly knocking on the door. He informed me of his every move—putting me at ease as he massaged the tension from each part of my body.\""
"4703" "\"JUSTIFICATION STATEMENT AS PROVIDED BY JAMES CROOKER:\""
"4704" "\"Of course, it's also been fun to have the leg hiding in my office all year. During the spring, one of my interns was in my office when I had to take a call. At some point, while I was on the call, he noticed a toe sticking out from behind a file and tentatively pulled out the leg with a look of puzzlement on his face. It took everything I had not to bust up laughing on the phone, and then had to explain to the intern after that even \\"professionals\\" (as I am of course) are permitted to be silly / twisted / not quite right in the head.\""
"4705" "\"* Since Tunnard's activities would have amounted to competitive activity if they were done by a competitor, he owed an obligation as a fiduciary not to misuse information about such activity for his own benefit or for the benefit of someone other than Helmet.\""
"4706" "\"Whenever the Church says \\"go\\" devils flee\""
"4707" "\"I'm not going public with this, yet I am. How do you explain that? Well, only my \\"followers\\" will get a front row seat into our lives for a bit. The rest will have to catch up later. I've been hesitant to share this journey, yet I realized at church on Sunday where the minister was speaking about the fear of failure, that I really should be an open book on this road as well. Why not, I have every other journey I've been on. People have known about my adoration of my sons, yet my desire to parent a daughter as well. That is no secret. Heck, ALTERED DREAMS has all of my thoughts and feelings in it. I am the proverbial open book!\""
"4708" "\"For photos of the car being dragged out of the canal, read:\""
"4709" "\"I am probably showing my lack of experience in posting this, but I want to be honest, and if I’m going to be talking about my strengths in these accounts, I should probably be thorough and throw in some of my weaknesses as well. Writing is about improvement, right?\""
"4710" "\"07-Crossroads\""
"4711" "\"And if you want to wait and read THE NEAR WITCH first, don't worry! Cole's story will stay up on Disney*Hyperion's website, and if it ever comes down, Victoria will carve out a space for it on her own site. It will always be available somewhere, and it will always be free.\""
"4712" "\"Oh and before I forget don't forget to pre-order your copy of The Pen & Paper Circle Kit. This edition has a really gorgeous A6 set of stamps and a cd containing 54 backing papers and coordinating png alphabets and if that wasn't enough there's a magazine with 12 step by step tutorials, hints, tips & inspiration. Remember, you only have until the 7th March to order.\""
"4713" "\"I’ve had a raspberry smoothie for breakfast and mixed nuts for my mid morning snack. Lunch was just a Food Doctor Wholesome Pot as I had to spend my lunch hour running errands so I needed something quick, warm and filling! This was closely followed by a ginger bread Nakd bar. Mid afternoon I had to pop out of work for five minutes so I took the opportunity to buy myself a bag of peanut M&M’s – not great, but I had some good news to celebrate! I ate a banana before the gym and just had a quick session – 20 minutes cross trainer and 20 minute random bike intervals.\""
"4714" "\"We hear the troops will be staying longer than expected.\""
"4715" "\"If you focus on the little problems, they will eat away at you. Every time I swipe my credit card, I wince. I think about how much interest I will incur at the end of the month and how long it will take me to pay that off. However, when your eyes see the sunset over the ocean, or hike to the bottom of the waterfall, all is forgotten and you cannot help but be in awe of the earth’s beauty.\""
"4716" "\"Well, our Valentine's Day contest ended yesterday! And look at me! Posting the day after :) I'm on the ball (for now, anyways!)\""
"4717" "\"The baby’s going to be born in time to go to college.\""
"4718" "\"“Better.”\""
"4719" "\"Well, I haven’t put much thought to it but I think I should.\""
"4720" "\"The past few years I have encouraged a precious woman from our congregation to write her story. A few days ago she shared with me a story about the day her son was killed in an automobile accident.\""
"4721" "\"Emergency Hard Drive Data Recovery Services\""
"4722" "\"a massive well done to all the selected filmmakers- the standard is really high\""
"4723" "\"It’s time I get back to the self indulgent writing exercise known as blogging. The original intent of profiling my fish bowl existence with W and the Hubs in the beginning was to keep from forgetting all of the good, bad and funny details as they whip by. At W’s ripe old age of 3, I’m finding there’s more fodder than ever before so it’s essential that the documentation continue. I want to have bragging rights when I can’t even remember my own name and have taken up residency at an assisted living compound for rock n roll widows. Question is will I remember the blog URL when I’m 80?\""
"4724" "\"(PS : Been saving this posting for a long long time. That's a year exactly since my best mate died. He thought it was hilarious that I go so angry at a music magazine.....he always enjoyed laughing out loud when the music snob in me came out like that.)\""
"4725" "\"A little stressed about this assignment but Philippians 4:13, eh?\""
"4726" "\"Exactly half of the voters thought that Sean Connery was the Bond actor who would make the best Perry Mason. Pierce Brosnan was the next closest with 30%. Maybe I should have added George Lazenby to the list? Nah, I didn't think so.\""
"4727" "\"Reviewed by Lorie\""
"4728" "\"Jesus forgives all of our sin\""
"4729" "\"It’s very important that we take a moment here because what I have just done, I believe, has never been done before, comedically speaking. It is the comedic equivalent of a quadruple axle in figure skating. I have just played a hand known now and forever more as…THE TRIPLE ENTENDRE. Have you ever heard of one? Me thinks not. Yes, indeed, the triple entendre is alive and well. The triple entendre not only says oodles about the limitless talent of its creator, but it also says something about the reader. Think about it, the name – SWEET DODO – can be read, rightly, in any of these three separate ways.\""
"4730" "\"This will not be put back together easily. The smugness and condescension are salt on open wounds.\""
"4731" "\"Alan Klapmeier, company founder, chairman and CEO of Kestrel Aircraft Co., is “quite confident” that his eight-place Kestrel single-engine turboprop will raise the bar for cabin comfort, payload, range, speed and docile handling characteristics in this class of business aircraft. The Kestrel is a major rework of the 2002 Farnborough Aircraft F1 design, incorporating a 1,000 shp Honeywell TPE331-14GR turboprop in place of the F1′s PWC PT6A-67A, along with a wider and longer cabin, larger windows, redesigned flight controls to reduce effort and straight leading edges for the wings.\""
"4732" "\"It is the physical body that interfaces with the dense 3rd dimension. It is the aware conscious multidimensional self, present in the body, that can and does transform and transmute all that is offered through your human experience. It is in this incredible and divine partnership between the physical self and the multidimensional self that all true work and service is offered.\""
"4733" "\"Saturday, I slept most of the day. My amazing husband knew how tired I was after our eventful week and took care of the kids most of the day. He woke me in the afternoon and told me that Tenli had a slight fever of 99.9. She acted normal most of the day and we gave her motrin to help with her fever. At dinner she didn't eat much; we started baths afterwards and she began to shiver so badly when I undressed her she couldn't hardly talk. When I got her out she was shivering so much her lips turned blue! I waited a while and took her temperature and it was 104.0! I gave her some tylenol and sat with her on the couch for a few minutes before deciding to take her to Kidmed. I figured the earlier we could get antibiotics in her the easier it would be to avoid the hospital! When we got to kidmed she was lethargic and her cheeks were rosy. All she wanted to do was sleep, and would not let go of me! I sat in the waiting room for 45 minutes with her on my lap, after 20 minutes of waiting she vomited all over my shirt and pants! The lady at the desk called out to me that there are bags on the wall, but I was so filled with chunks of food, and Tylenol in my lap that there was no getting up unless she wanted to scrape it up off the floor. FINALLY she brought on over to me, but it was too late she already spewed it all over my lap! I took off her clothes down to the diaper and took her to the bathroom to clean her and me off! As I came out of the bathroom I held her in my arms pacing the floor trying to soothe her to sleep while the heat from her body baked my skin! I paced for about 15 minutes while listening and watching a nurse have a personal conversation with another patient sitting in the waiting room. Getting annoyed (and ready to leave for the ER), I asked the desk clerk how much longer before they could see her and she said, \\"about 1-2 more minutes.\\" About a minute later the nurse who was having the conversation turned to me and said, \\"is this Tenli, I'm out here for her...we were just chatting!\\" I was IRATE! Here I am covered with vomit, rocking my baby who had a 104 degree temp, and was miserable and she was \\"chatting!\\" We went back to the room and was seen by the doctor, they did a strep swab, flue swab, and x-ray. She was positive for pneumonia, and negative for everything else.\""
"4734" "\"Another subject I will touch on is something I mentioned in my “Opinions of the world around me” blog, and that’s the child aspect of it. I talked a bit about it but now I will go more in-depth with it. Just like men and women, children deserve respect as well. The problem is, neither of them gives it to them. Children deserve a lot more than we do because they are growing, learning and figuring out the world around them. They drive us mad, they make awe moments, they push our buttons, they make cute faces; it’s what kids do. Parenthood is one job that is 24/7/365 and is probably the most difficult but most rewarding job anyone could ever have; no matter whether you’re flipping burgers or the CEO of the largest company on the planet; parenthood tops it all. This brings me to a question; why is it that parents feel the need to disrespect their kids? The answer; I don’t know, every parents thinks differently.\""
"4735" "\"'You have got to be kidding me.'\""
"4736" "\"Essential Sites: The first five years of the band from 1977 to 1982 will comprise a good hunk, but certainly is not all of the important terrain that must be covered. “Live at The Witch Trials” is their first LP that was released in 1979 and has all of their classic ingredients. Ranting vocals from Smith combine with musician’s Bramah, Riley and Burns to ensure a guitar driven sound that was remarkably tight for the evolving punk rock landscape. Bassist Steve Hanley and guitarist Craig Scanlon enter in 1980 and in quick succession, “Grotesque (After the Gramme”), “Slates” and “Hex Enduction Hour” become a must-hear part of The Fall canon. The Hanley/Scanlon axis adds slashing guitar and bass to at-times venomous lyrics from Mark E. Smith (M.E.S.). “Totally Wired,” “N.W.R.A.” and “An Older Lover,” as well as “The Classical,” rank among the finest tracks they ever recorded. This period holds the essence of their organized cacophony that other bands have frequently imitated, but never succeeded in duplicating. That correct blend of riffs, minimalist freedom and bile could only be directed by one M.E.S.\""
"4737" "\"8) Any Wheat Beer in Germany\""
"4738" "\"Perhaps some of these refer to song lyrics? I wouldn’t know. I don’t listen to much music except the song of silence.\""
"4739" "\"big positives to using cloth diapers include saving money, not running out in the middle of the night for diapers, and not putting chemicals on my son all day every day with disposables! I must not tell a lie that it is a little more work (probably 2-3 extra loads of laundry a week and a little drying, but that is it). I expected Cloth Diapering to be more work, but I didn't expect it to be much less extra work:)\""
"4740" "\"That night, I realized that those awful rumors about Santa Claus were just what Grandma said they were: ridiculous.\""
"4741" "\"I'm crazy about this elephant print called Parade. I can picture euro shams made with it and it would also be darling on an accent piece like an upholstered stool. The second fabric here is Skittles and being a small scale print, it's super versatile. It would make a nice bedskirt (with poppy colored trim tape border), shower curtain, or tablecloth.\""
"4742" "\"Dig in :)\""
"4743" "\"Scientists fear larviciding is expensive, requiring the use of many specialists and local volunteers who could be better deployed elsewhere. It has to be repeated regularly, and often proves ineffective because it is difficult comprehensively to identify and destroy mosquito eggs. Insecticide-treated bednets can last longer, both killing mosquitoes and protecting people from the bites of those that survive.\""
"4744" "\"I didn't find the toilet and I can't find the rhetorical term for not finding what you're looking for but nevertheless the book is great bus and train reading.\""
"4745" "\"that on Facebook PDQ when I saw it. I bet from the title you can tell what he was writing about. When I posted it, everyone loved it. It struck a nerve (the laughing one) with many of my friends. How could you not want to read this book? Now if it was called “How a Christian Lost Weight” or “Christians are Fat Too” would it have intrigued people to read the book? Probably not. I notice that the title of a blog post can increase my readership for the day. The more funny or intriguing a post is the more readers I have. With so many of us having 100s of blogs in our Reader, we need to quickly decide what to read, just like a book. If the title doesn't grab me, then I'm not going to pick it up or click on it. Sorry, it's true. I bet you have never thought of it that way. Why do you pick up books? Because either the title intrigues you or the artwork does. Same with a blog. I've written some great posts, only to see that no one has read it. Unfortunately, we are in “buyers market” in the bloggy world. If we can't “sell” our posts to our readers, they won't get read. Good thing that I'm in a year of contentment and just being able to post is good enough for me.\""
"4746" "\"I said to my mom,\""
"4747" "\"You can substitute with brown Sugar.\""
"4748" "\"In the end, I’m not entirely sure what I was supposed to take from The Ballad of Jack and Rose. It’s such a specific story, and the narrow focus makes it difficult for some of the larger themes to translate. For example, the rebellion of adolescence is a pretty universal concept, but as it develops within Rose’s insular world, her form of rebellion can be hard to relate to, even for someone who knows some of where she’s coming from.\""
"4749" "\"Overall, I'm really pleased with this sequel! There was none of the typical sequel slump that so many second books go through. Everything kept progressing at an equal pace with the first book.\""
"4750" "\"To make grass jelly.....\""
"4751" "\"Forget about it.\""
"4752" "\"I can't wait for 2012 to get here, so I can get to work! How about you? Do you have any UFO's creeping around your sewing room? Care to join us?\""
"4753" "\"4x Faithless Looting\""
"4754" "\"This place is highly recommend. At Shake Shack, you can find various burgers and beverages and cold foods that different from other fast food restaurants. You can also grab a beer and chit chat with your friends (but better not, the seats there are very limited, many people would be waiting for your seat. Don’t be selfish).\""
"4755" "\"I use the younger population figures for two reasons. The first is to show our immediate demographic future, the second is to draw attention to the fact that the 18-40 year old demographic is of military fighting age. It doesn’t matter if they are outnumbered today by grey haired, ancient Brits; the only thing that matters is that they will very soon outnumber our young indigenous potential defenders.\""
"4756" "\"Crosby, Stills & Nash Marakesh express US\""
"4757" "\"And became a sought after speaker,\""
"4758" "\"I cant wait for 2011.\""
"4759" "\"DANIEL LAND AND THE MODERN PAINTERS – RUN SILENT RUN DEEP\""
"4760" "\"I understand that Arrowcroft's Solicitors (Berwin Leighton Paisner) are sending out to various parties another document, attempting to bolster Arrowcroft's case for the arena, which they intend to submit to the Secretary of State.\""
"4761" "\"This train, thieves and sweet souls departed\""
"4762" "\"Ambulatory Health Care Services\""
"4763" "\"Quoting lead Defense counsel Serafin Cuevas, President Aquino brushed off a reporter’s question about his lovelife saying it was “immaterial, irrelevant and impertinent.” Initially, the President wanted to quote lead prosecutor Niel Tupas but realized he’d sound stupid if he’d answer, “I submit.”\""
"4764" "\"And the method that has most helped me to change my form is listening to a 170-180 beats per minute music mix and landing my feet on every beat. This forces you to run as if you were running while jumping rope. You are forced toward landing on the ball of your foot rather than the heel.\""
"4765" "\"I’ve lived so many lives in my short time here\""
"4766" "\"I will try to share photos with all of you\""
"4767" "\"call \\"a workshop\\".\""
"4768" "\"In order to provide a large quantity of high quality mobile phones to different consumer groups at reasonable price, TECNO Telecom has invested a lot in deeply understanding the consumer behaviors as well as user habits in Nigeria. With its six series of handsets, TECNO is able to cover the market with all levels of spending capability. As a result of this, within just three years its products have become a household name in Nigeria, Gabriel Nwabueze, the marketing manager, told National Standard.\""
"4769" "\"\\"We are coming here every day to stand vigil and see bodies being removed from the hospital.\""
"4770" "\"Ryan Healy, BS, NSCA-CSCS\""
"4771" "\"As an accompaniment, I decided to make almond lace cookies (“tuiles” in French if they are made in the curved shape). I’d made them once many years ago, but long ago had given away my cookbook with the recipe. Once again, I was very grateful for the Web and the recipes it has resurrected for me. I found a number of almond lace recipes (some the same recipe under different names), but it took several tries to find one that worked well for making “cigarettes.”\""
"4772" "\"Dicy for gods sake keep John from volenteering and tell him I am away to try and stay at home and take care of you I would of come home to of seen all of you but could not come without deserting. so good by for the present and write soon.\""
"4773" "\"In my eyes, a documentary is ideally a blend of investigative and accurate journalism mixed in with multimedia, be it using a camera to capture real life footage or, as in this case, using animation to record these events.\""
"4774" "\"The service itself, the Protestant hymns, the psalms and gospel, did not resonate with me, exactly. I grew up Jewish and still identify myself as Jewish. I did not grow up going to church, so the sensory and intellectual touchpoints are not embedded in my childmind, the mind that remains most open to such emotional cues.\""
"4775" "\"Recently, University of Florida’s President revealed his plans to dissolve the school’s Computer and Information Science and Engineering (CISE) department and merge it with other existing programs at UF.\""
"4776" "\"Whilst growing up I wanted to be one of those backing dancers on Top of the Pops, but my friend Mark had a more realistic ambition to be a firefighter! He thought that there could be no greater job in the world than one that let you drive fast around town in a bright red fire engine, climb the tallest buildings and use a hose to squirt as much water as you wanted without your Mum telling you off!\""
"4777" "\"One thing I have learned is that my family and friends (old, new, and virtual) are wonderful people, and for that I am grateful. We've had phone calls from friends as far away as Arizona, and daily visits from those in close proximity. Messages left on Facebook. Every day we receive a nice bundle of cards in the mail (post office and email). We've had flowers and food delivered, even as recent as yesterday (with the comment, \\"After about a week, you need some new food.\\")! People have gifted money to the family for expenses and for Mikaela's memorial fund. It's overwhelming and beautiful.\""
"4778" "\"Brecon Brewing - the brewery may have just been established, but Buster the Brewer has certainly been established for years. Cracking core range, small, close and friendly enough to let me play regularly. I'm looking forward to brewing a house ale soon.\""
"4779" "\"Sift together the flour, cocoa, salt. Add the sugar gradually to the shortening, creaming well.\""
"4780" "\"10 Shake It And Break It\""
"4781" "\"Two other men were wounded in a fourth shooting but were expected to survive. They have not been identified.\""
"4782" "\"Then I read a story about a talented perfumier in Brooklyn called Christopher Brosius, who owns a fragrance boutique called' I Hate Perfume'. (Nothing like telling it straight up!) Mr Brosius makes a scent called 'In the Library', which smells – surprise, surprise – like a library!\""
"4783" "\"A new and better season has begun. It's time to take the flannel sheets off the bed and change them to plain cotton.\""
"4784" "\"Just for fun though, I will share a some things that I would love to do, but just in my lifetime, not by a certain age. Some are more serious and close to my heart, while others are not nearly as important to me.\""
"4785" "\"I think we might all be able to agree that generosity is a good thing. It is good to give to others. I read that we are all born with a natural empathy for other human beings. We don't like to see other people hurting. Babies, in clinical tests, were noted as showing great stress if their mothers were sad and crying. We are born being able to recognize when others are hurting and with concern for their needs.\""
"4786" "\"By Patrick Poole\""
"4787" "\"In the mid 1930s, before the Pearl Harbor attack, the Japanese:\""
"4788" "\"Schoemaker notes that one CEO obtained some empty L’eggs pantyhose plastic eggs, sprayed them with gold paint, and used them when awarding the “best mistake of the month.” That is, the mistake from which the most valuable information was obtained. As Thomas Edison never missed an opportunity to point out, understanding what doesn’t work is critically important to determining what does.\""
"4789" "\"Courtney~\""
"4790" "\"Needless to say, it is pretty tough to please the whole crowd. In case that is not enough to keep a gal on her toes, last night the girls had a friend over – so we had nine to feed. And we had our first 80 degree day of the year, so turning on the oven seemed counter productive to the efforts to keep the house cool. When you are a family of two or three, you can make last minute decisions and substitute different dishes than the one you had planned to make. That is tougher to do when cooking for eight (or on this particular night – nine.) Not to worry – I had a stroke of genius. I would simply make taco salad. We had all of the needed ingredients on hand. I would not need to turn on the oven. It was quick and easy AND my brood could pick and choose only adding what they liked to their salad. Taylor could skip the tomatoes. Justin could skip the tomatoes and the beans but have plenty of corn. Landon could go heavy on the meat and beans but forego the veggies. etc. I got it all on the table and in plenty of time for everyone to make it to rehearsal. As I sat down to dinner quite pleased with myself, I looked around the table and saw each face fall. What?! “I thought you all liked taco salad.” And then my oldest and most sympathetic bonus child looked at me and said, “Oh we do. It’s just that this is what we had last night at mom’s house.” How could I have known?! Drat! Back to the drawing board. Tonight I am trying sweet orange chicken. At least I know that’s not what they had last night.\""
"4791" "\"She kind of forgot about her doll for awhile until Tina called asking about clothes. We knew her doll would be coming soon. The day it arrived we picked up her older brother from Middle school and we pulled in the driveway, there was the box. Carly dashed out of the car and got her new baby. She is SO proud that she wrote her own name. She has taken it just about everywhere and showed everyone. I love that we will have a treasured reminder of her precious 5 year old writing.\""
"4792" "\"The dramatic long-term decline of pub beer sales still isn’t fully appreciated\""
"4793" "\"I wrote this review for Homeschooling Horizons magazine a year or two ago, and since I've been wanting to share reviews of unschooling books, I decided to post it here!\""
"4794" "\"-post Thurgood's room on the blog\""
"4795" "\"Devon trying parasailing the first time, Tara going on an ATV expedition.\""
"4796" "\"Baking the Custards\""
"4797" "\"None of this should be surprising. In a global marketplace, there is a strong incentive to cut the cost of labor, either by outsourcing production or by insourcing workers. This two-way process will continue until wage rates are more or less the same throughout the world. So it doesn’t matter how low the wages are in labor-importing countries. What matters is whether the wages are even lower in labor-exporting countries. Such is the logic of globalization.\""
"4798" "\"Le Prince d’Aquitaine a la tour abolie 430\""
"4799" "\"It’s rather exciting not knowing what’s coming next. I rather think I’m made for this sort of life. Every person you meet seems to draw out a different side of you (for better or for worse). Kipling said, “If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, Or walk with kings – nor lose common touch.” It’s funny how subconsciously I’ll alter my language in order to find acceptance with my driver, or someone I meet. “Bastard,” “Bloody,” “Crap” became regular devices around the rougher types. It didn’t take me long however to figure out that it wasn’t my language that got me accepted, it was just being authentic. Thankfully I scrubbed that approach before it was too late. Truly it was God providing, not my use of colloquial language!!!\""
"4800" "\"With all the different kinds of Italian food it is important in the Italian culture to savor and enjoy the unlike tastes. Meals are an important way for Italian families to bond by sitting down to a ten course repast that could last around three hours. Since acquiring the tastes is important and because there ar so many courses, the sizing of each plate is much smaller.\""
"4801" "\"And for the cartoon enthusiasts out there, if you remember the character Jenny Juggs… We didn’t realize it until she started crying and sobbing, but she is the crazy homeless cat Tabitha from the short-lived Slacker Cats cartoon! Carolyn totally recognized her crazy pleading! Kiersten Warren (Alex Tabor from Saved By The Bell:The College Years, Life Goes On, 13 Going On 30, Intolerable Cruelty, Bicentennial Man, Independence day) looks nothing like her voice!\""
"4802" "\"What else do we do at our house during a party?\""
"4803" "\"the framed in part above the eave will be covered in cedar shingles to match the front of our house. the big opening in the front will be all doors (right, mom?). i can't remember if its going to be a huge slider or french doors.\""
"4804" "\"Do admire the lovely rose in the photograph. I try to avoid carbon footprints/air miles etc. But I do make an exception for Tesco's roses. These have been on my kitchen window sill for three weeks tomorrow (I took this photograph a few minutes ago); the bunch of ten cost me three pounds and they are guaranteed for a week. After three weeks they are still going strong and I cannot over-estimate the pleasure they have given me.\""
"4805" "\"2 comments\""
"4806" "\"Christmas Bell Ornament: Jolly Holidays Cricut Lite cartridge cut at 3\\"\""
"4807" "\"He added: ‘Identity isn’t just something sealed off and finished with … it’s always work in progress. ‘Once we start saying, “This is my identity and that’s it” then I think we are in danger of really fragmenting the society we belong to.’\""
"4808" "\"THEN, there are a host of other programs that are content-specific that I will summarize next week.\""
"4809" "\"Breaking Dawn part 1 also came out last week. Did everyone pick up their copy and watch it 3 times like I did??? heehee\""
"4810" "\"I have let go of the notion that I can still \\"guide\\" my daughters;\""
"4811" "\"Our DT would also like to ask that you please turn off comment verification and switch to comment moderation. It helps save a bit of time while we are visiting and leaving you all comments if we don't have to fuss with comment verification. Thank you so much!\""
"4812" "\"AISHE Administrator\""
"4813" "\"Yes, but not in the solitary sense. I met up with my friend Isaac and we worked on some Jazz theory and improvisation for guitar, 2-5-1 changes, which chords A Harmonic Minor Scale works best over etc. It was a good start and great fun.\""
"4814" "\"The Huns arrived in Europe from Central Asia in the fourth century AD. In just eight years, they built an empire that stretched from the steppes of central Asia to what now is modern Germany, and from the Black Sea to the Baltic. They rode small, fast horses, and spent almost all their time on them. The Romans said that the Huns fought, ate, slept and carried out diplomacy on horseback – so much so that they became dizzy when they set foot on the ground.\""
"4815" "\"Is powerful enough\""
"4816" "\"Readers, a few questions:\""
"4817" "\"The big problem with something like the flower show is that it's all on a grand scale, but you can't get that sort of perspective on it when the hall is full of people. It's like trying to learn about an elephant by looking through a pinhole, closeup.\""
"4818" "\"When situations become tense, people say they feel the “heat.” We also refer to this heat as a “trial by fire.” When criminals feel that law officers are closing in they refer to them as the “heat.” Unfortunately, we do not pay close enough attention to the fact that physical terms lend themselves perfectly to psycho-spiritual phenomena. If we did, theological concepts could be easily unified with the physical sciences.\""
"4819" "\"1. Organize your materials. Make copies of every bit of correspondence you had with the scammer, every email, snail mail, etc. If parts of their website are germane to your complaint, cut and paste those parts into documents. Identify each document briefly at the top of the page, i.e., \\"Contract Received from ImAScam Literary Agency.\\" You may need to request copies of cancelled checks from your bank, etc., to add to your documentation.\""
"4820" "\"In 2001 an obscure Finnish developer, Remedy, released one of the most defining action games of all time. Max Payne had been in development for four years, an unheard-of amount of time for the period, as Remedy attempted to get the game's tricky mix of film noir storyline, John Woo-inspired action and a new gameplay mechanic called 'bullet time' (in which time slows down to a point where individual bullets can be seen in motion) to gel together. Other events outpaced the game's gestation: development was effected by the release of The Matrix in 1999, which popularised bullet time on a huge scale and led to the introduction of several homages to the film in the game. The game's lengthy development was likened to that of Daikatana (the most colossal disappointment in the history of gaming), which did not bode well, especially as Max Payne's development was actually longer. Fortunately, upon release Max Payne was critically-acclaimed and commercially hugely successful.\""
"4821" "\"You could win a case of underWAY\""
"4822" "\"God placed man in the Garden\""
"4823" "\"Enter portobello mushrooms and bulgur. I've got a love affair going with the former and had a box of the latter in my kitchen cabinet, intending to research recipes to start adding to the rotation using it, as I'd been reading up on its nutritional benefits (check out this article for a decent overview on bulgur if you're not well-versed). I'm also looking for iron via leafy, dark greens like spinach and kale.\""
"4824" "\"But like I said, anarchy, gay rights, and religious dogma are not topics you have at frat parties or work functions. Unless you want spilt beer or alienation.\""
"4825" "\"Hidden Power\""
"4826" "\"You could even deliberately seek out all those streets in the city that have no superlunary correspondence at all, that map to no stars, that refer to no constellations, refusing to emulate the ways of heaven.\""
"4827" "\"4) lightly sand\""
"4828" "\"It's nowhere near finished so I'm almost embarrassed to post the pics, but it will give you an idea of where we're going. We had to remove the carpet and wood paneling b/c there was water/mold damage in the basement. We put in a drainage system that has eliminated any future damage. The plan is to paint the walls and either stain or paint the concrete (after the carpet glue is removed--we could use some tips on how to do this). Although it looks a little ghetto, the kids love the atmosphere change and I love that it's 68 degrees year round! :)\""
"4829" "\"Combine the seasonings in a small bowl and stir until evenly blended. Add the sugar and the salt and blend.\""
"4830" "\"While pressing for separate statehood, they add that, with the migration of ‘outsiders’, the ethnic Coorgs have become a minority in Coorg.\""
"4831" "\"This is but a glimpse of the pages full of amazing photos of a place that could have been lost. The day after the book signing, we, in California, were watching television in horror as many homes in the Santa Barbara area were lost to the tragic fires a couple of weeks ago. In corresponding with Diane, it was determined that none of the homes in the book were affected. But the danger for this to happen in the future is very real. This book becomes a treasure as it celebrates the beauty of the elegant and authentic architecture of Santa Barbara.\""
"4832" "\"My Retro Nest: I’ve had a soft spot for Retro art and design, be it posters, fashion, products or furniture since my teens. A friend of the family is an avid collector of kitchenalia and other products from the 50s and my brother collects a lot of 60s kitchenalia as well, so I’ve always been around it. I also studied graphic design and loved pouring through books showing 60s product design and advertising.\""
"4833" "\"People bring stuff into the museum I work for all the time. They think it's a precious historical document that must be preserved. 3/4 of the time they are right...\""
"4834" "\"21. The longest English word without a vowel is twyndyllyngs which means “twins”.\""
"4835" "\"I woke up last Monday morning at 4:10 after only four hours of sleep. I laid there trying to drift off again knowing that I'd need more sleep than what I'd gotten if I was to make it through the day in a somewhat coherent state. It wasn't happening. I headed downstairs and shoveled a bowl of Kashi cereal into the machine before lacing up my shoes and stepping out into the predawn darkness to go walking.There would be time to catch another hour or two of sleep before work when I got back if I needed to.\""
"4836" "\"British daily The Independent, the newspaper that broke the scandal, reported that the BBC would be apologizing to an estimated 74 million people globally over the matter. The report said viewers from “Kuala Lumpur to Khartoum” will be able to watch the broadcast which is available to 295 million homes, 1.7 million hotel rooms, 81 cruise ships, 46 airlines and 35 mobile phone platforms, at four different time zones. According to the BBC statement, the BBC Trust’s editorial standards committee had identified various breaches in editorial guidelines due to the errant programmes.\""
"4837" "\"My latest creations also feature these hues.\""
"4838" "\"Can we\""
"4839" "\"I called Ann,\""
"4840" "\"So I encourage you, if you should happen to see, for example, a wooden puzzle with “Ages 2+” on the box, but you know that your little one would love to try it out at 18 months, go ahead and give it to your child. If your little one wants to hold your calculator, allow them some time with it. If your baby is just begging to get her hands on her older sibling’s bouncy ball, give it a go. (Just be sure they are supervised, that’s all.)\""
"4841" "\"Magnesium’s role in stabilizing blood vessels is well documented, helping to prevent capillary and muscle spasms. Increase magnesium-rich foods such as wheat germ, garlic, oatmeal, seafood, kale, broccoli, spinach, melon, bananas, basil, cantaloupe, blackstrap molasses, and nuts to support the body and prevent migraine pain.\""
"4842" "\"We wish Genelia all the happiness for her married life as well as success for her movie which released this Friday. Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya is the story of Viren (Riteish Deshmukh) a rickshaw driver who works very hard to earn his livings. Mini (Genelia D’souza), on the other hand, is a rich brat who her father is trying to get married off but none of the suitors seem to please her. In a chance of fate, an accidently kidnapping ensues where the so-called kidnapper may actually be the one kidnapped. What loves is a sweet story between these two.\""
"4843" "\"Just in time for Valentines Day, The Indelibles bring you a one-of-a-kind young adult anthology! Sixteen original short stories all from the point of view of our favorite male characters - some are old flames from our novels and some were dreamed up especially for this anthology.\""
"4844" "\"No reason that would do\""
"4845" "\"I had two small wooden pallets left over from a brick delivery. Only 5 feet tall and 4 feet wide.\""
"4846" "\"5) Texas in early July is hot. If you are standing in the direct sun, you are out of your mind. But, in the shade, with a cold beer or a Dr. Pepper, or after dinner, sated on red meat (mad cow disease scare in Texas notwithstanding), it feels wonderful.\""
"4847" "\"For those who haven't looked at Gamma World in a while, here's what its second edition rulebook (which was current at the time this article was written) has to say about new body parts:\""
"4848" "\"● “STIMULUS” BILL WAS RUSHED: Obama, Reid & Pelosi rushed the “Stimulus” bill thru Congress, no legislator had time to read the bill\""
"4849" "\"One striking detail of the ending that is often overlooked, however, comes in the seconds just before Artiguez dies in a hail of bullets on a hospital staircase. As Zinnemann’s camera spins faster and faster around the hospital ward, the last image that pops into Artiguez’ head is the memory of young Paco kicking a soccer ball into the air. It seems like a random image, at first, but maybe it’s reminding Artiguez of a time when he was younger, and was happier—before he devoted himself to a life of crime.\""
"4850" "\"I feel like I have a talent at making mountains out of molehills. That it’s my fault and I should be able to do things. Especially basic things like eat and wash. But for some reason I just don’t. They become so meaningless and unimportant. Part of me is worried about my health. My diet is poor and erratic at best. It can’t be doing my body any good. But how do people manage to feed themselves properly everyday? How do they find the concentration and energy. I resolve to take better care of myself but it just doesn’t happen. The soul is willing; the mind is not.\""
"4851" "\"Ya... that's what I thought.\""
"4852" "\"Your children should be able to trust you to:\""
"4853" "\"My thanks again to Wendi for sharing this fabulous and tasty beverage.\""
"4854" "\"And I failed this month with the 30 posts in 30 days. I didn't get to post last night as I was having some serious contractions. :( They're better, but still with me. I can't have the baby until after Rob gets back from China tomorrow though, so..... lol (Not like it would happen anyway. I've never dropped a baby early, including those two up there. *snicker* If we want to talk about having babies late though....) I'm still going to try to post everyday anyway as I like it.\""
"4855" "\"My experience has been that all dogs are smarter than I am, and they always know when I am packing treats and when I am not, and they are obedient when a treat is forthcoming and they may or may not be obedient otherwise, depending on their mood.\""
"4856" "\"This novel explores our world in the future where politics have tainted everything. Ethics of what should be allowable is a sub-plot that does not seem as far fetched as we may sometimes hope. The novel rotates between the first person perspective of the two main characters. There is elements of mystery, action, suspense, and even a little romance. Family relationships and connections in politics are explored from the point of view of a privileged member of society and that of someone on the outskirts. This is a very well written book.\""
"4857" "\"While walking the store we stumbled upon the video camera section. Josh and I own one and let me just say this - it takes TAPES. Needless to say, while it wasn't on our priority list, we do need a new one, desperately. Well, we saw a many newer ones than what we currently own.\""
"4858" "\"I'm tired, and taking a break like the rest of the blogging world. I'll be posting my insecurity tomorrow and doing the blog hops I've signed up for... and reflection post is a must! (I laughed so hard writing that one, my eyes were streaming rivers.)\""
"4859" "\"...under the judgmental pretending-not-to-be-judgmental gaze of my mother, I asked them to put the books away. This is really sad to me. This mother is forced to choose between pleasing her kids and pleasing her mother. She ends up sending the message to her kids that Grandma's wishes are more important than theirs, and her own. WHY? Why does the oldest person get to have it her way? Why does a mother (grandmother) still think she gets to call the shots, even when her kids are grown up enough to have their own families?\""
"4860" "\"Nowadays the year-round availability of locally-brewed beer in Louisville is something we take for granted, but unfortunately, the Kentucky Derby isn’t really about anything other than thoroughbred horses, gamblers and maybe the Ohio River filled with bourbon – as long as you keep that accursed mint out of it, and take it neat, the way your personal deity intended.\""
"4861" "\"Life varys…\""
"4862" "\"22 And he answered, Thou shalt not smite them: wouldest thou smite those whom thou hast taken captive with thy sword and with thy bow? set bread and water before them, that they may eat and drink, and go to their master.\""
"4863" "\"Cassia has always trusted the Society to make the right choices for her: what to read, what to watch, what to believe. So when Xander's face appears on-screen at her Matching ceremony, Cassia knows with complete certainty that he is her ideal mate . . . until she sees Ky Markham's face flash for an instant before the screen fades to black. The Society tells her it's a glitch, a rare malfunction, and that she should focus on the happy life she's destined to lead with Xander. But Cassia can't stop thinking about Ky, and as they slowly fall in love, Cassia begins to doubt the Society's infallibility and is faced with an impossible choice: between Xander and Ky, between the only life she's known and a path that no one else has dared to follow.\""
"4864" "\"I've never even held a newborn but I could feel and smell him with every fiber of my being as I read this paragraph. Ms. Cohen's entire novel is overflowing with glorious gemlike sentences. Please, do yourself a favor and download, purchase or borrow this book as soon as you can. Then let me know what you think.\""
"4865" "\"“I-” Creme stopped short. Had she not already done so when she burnt down that building? Was there really any difference in doing so with fire than with any other mage spell? Would she have approached it differently if she could have performed a different skill? Or the same type as the one she had done but with more finesse?\""
"4866" "\"This year we are into a different belt of learning altogether. With the commencement 2012, the energies shifted subtly from trust to freewill. We are back at the helm of our lives and we are absolutely free to steer us where we will. It is a year of paradigm shift but that shift is not collective. We would be mistaken in envisioning fantastic events beyond our control manoeuvring us towards a great change more in accordance with the universe. No! It is a year of paradigm shift in that it begins with each individual undergoing great personal change that would reshape our personalities, goals and evolutionary paths. And as more individuals make the right choice the shift turns global and collective. Imagine series of tiny tube lights set in geometric shapes. Each beginning to flicker and finally glow one by one. Once all the tubes light up the whole shift from darkness to the light is complete!\""
"4867" "\"no world(for beautiful you are my world,my true)\""
"4868" "\"Training and technical assistance in the investigation and prosecution of IPR crime will be provided to foreign law enforcement partners in nations across the Pacific Rim, Latin America, and sub-Saharan Africa. The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs and the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs selected the projects after considering input from the U.S. Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, other federal agencies, our overseas missions, Congress, and industry representatives.\""
"4869" "\"The bright boroughs, the circle-citadels there!\""
"4870" "\"Another delay...the evening my husband went out of town, he put a new bottle of water on our water dispenser and the next morning we woke to find that all the water had disappeared! This mystery lead me into the crawl space where I found that thanks to a crack in the water jug, all the water had leaked out and ran between my floor and the moldings. The insulation under this area in the kitchen was good and wet, so I pulled it out and discovered we had an unwanted view of my backyard! It is about now that I am wondering when Mike is due home! So, instead of working on my stairs, I took a trip to Home Depot for insulation, dressed in my best rubber gloves, mask, goggles and toque and got to work. Oh, if you could have seen me!\""
"4871" "\"In Matthew 7:15 Jesus tells us to “Beware of false prophets who come to you in sheep’s clothing.” In other words, they will look and appear to be sheep just like we are – they will fit right in the flock. But then Jesus concludes “but inwardly are ravaging wolves. You’ll recognize them by their fruit.” We had a family discussion the other night about fruit and how you might truly discern the fruitfulness of a person. But how many of us even think about being fruit-watchers?\""
"4872" "\"OK lets begin! Using 2 strands of wool (if you're using a bendigo 200g ball then pull out the end of the wool from the centre of the ball and you'll be using both ends of the ball).\""
"4873" "\"Like I said... I am an emotional mess. So over the moon happy this baby is coming and is ours forever to absolute hysterics because all I really want is Makenzie. I am then hysterical apologizing to this baby for not showing them the love the deserve and that I really do want them and that I just miss their sister. This past week the emotions of this child being from a sperm donor has been extremely emotional. I think I have mentioned this before but Ryan has always been so confident and positive about this. Knowing this child is HIS. No ifs ands or buts. He has been so good about it and honestly going through all the IUI's and getting pregnant so was I. I have felt so good about it all. Knowing this was the right choice. Over the past week its not that I regret our choices because I absolutely don't. This child was so meant to come to us this way and this was the only way we could get them to us healthy. but the feelings of how will we tell them and when will we tell them? The thoughts of how will we do this again? The fear that maybe at some point Ryan will have some concerns or worries. Its been weird talking about what this baby might look like. I keep catching myself from saying things like-- Oh I pray he has your nose or butt or hair color... Whatever it might be. I fully believe this child will be a mini replica of Ryan (if its a boy). I can only imagine Ryan's little partner. There is no doubt about that. But the fear in the back of my mind is oozing out with my added pregnancy hormones. It gets exhausting and overwhelming. I would love to hear from anyone of you that might have used a sperm or even an egg donor. Did you ever have similar fears or concerns. How have you decided and when to tell your child? I don't want it to be a big deal because its not. Its very simple. Its very matter of fact. There is no other Daddy somewhere- Ryan will be the name on that birth certificate. I just don't want it to be something that later down the road when it does come out that they feel I was hiding something from them. I have been very open about it with friends and family and its now all over the internet. Never have I thought it would be a secret. I know I have a lot of time to think about this but its on my mind now. So if y'all have advice. I would so much appreciate it!\""
"4874" "\"For it’s Tommy this, an’ Tommy that an’ “Chuck him out, the brute!”\""
"4875" "\"6. The outfit for the cocktail party will be knowledge of my skills and accomplishments, paired with confidence and genuine desire to get involved, wrapped up in a cute black dress by Nanette Lepore that says “professional”, “young” AND “creative”. And it has pockets for easy access to my business cards (one of Judith’s tricks), on the back of which I will write the name of the event that I will be attending, so that maybe the people to whom I give cards will remember who the hell I am (another of Judith’s tricks).\""
"4876" "\"“Yes, you remembered.” A secret thrill raced over her knowing he’d recalled her name. But the thought of the letter from his girl slowed her racing heart. “I…ah…do hope you received good news from home yesterday.”\""
"4877" "\"I guess I should have written something up to go with this. Mainly my opinion.\""
"4878" "\"One would wonder if there are also \\"long held concerns\\" about the many smaller public hospitals and private hospitals that do not have medical personnel on site 24/7. Surely no-one imagines that all pregnant women should be herded into large baby-factory hospitals that process births like cars off a production line?\""
"4879" "\"The emoticons were livid, the font was quite irate\""
"4880" "\"For a first time visitor in New Zealand, the above places are suggestions to give you an overall sight of the country. You can do more later on the next visit and I feel sure you would want to come back!\""
"4881" "\"I am still not sure about my photographs. I am a little sad I do not look prettier. I am sad that the snow and general kerfuffles meant that I could not organise things the way I wanted. And sadly, I am sad because I did not look the radiant and beautiful bride that usually graces the pages of magazines and blogs. (The very idea makes me sad because I thought I was above such thoughts and it is the love that is meant to shine out from wedding photographs and not traditional \\"beauty.\\") It is very confusing to me.\""
"4882" "\"Egypt Independent reported that following today’s withdrawal of Al-Ahzar‘s sole representative from the constituent assembly, the FJP yielded 10 of its own seats to liberal appointees. Speaking to Egypt Independent, Moety Bayoumy, a member of the university’s Islamic Research Academy, had admonishing words for the Muslim Brotherhood:\""
"4883" "\"At 1500 points I'm packing 22 lances, 6 splinter cannons, and 3 assault units in the wyches, large wracks & the beastmaster unit. I finding more and more that if I can't de-mech the enemy (through too many enemy vehicles or just bad luck) then I really struggle. Time will tell if I have gone too far (particularly with the few troops).\""
"4884" "\"11 - Stand Right Up\""
"4885" "\"upon us\""
"4886" "\"One of my new habits for 2012 includes 86ing the creamer in my coffee. Which for some strange reason, makes me want more coffee. And when I have more than one cup of coffee, I become like the Tazzy Devil, cleaning and organizing. Which is not a bad thing. Take for instance what I was able to do with a trip to Wally world and a couple of hours:\""
"4887" "\"So I went back to the main treatment campus and checked out some videos on the guidelines of treatment. Seven hours worth. Think I don't know my sh*t? I sure as hell will by tomorrow. Then I cried in the car, dried my eyes, and headed back to her office 30 minutes later. Let's do this.\""
"4888" "\"Jah Lloyd - White Belly Rat\""
"4889" "\"I remember one time telling a pastor search committee interviewing me alongside my husband, asking what I did. I said I was a teacher and a writer. One woman said, \\"Oh, good, you can take over the greeting card ministry.\\" One of many clues that the church was not a good fit for me.\""
"4890" "\"Relationships: Individual liberty and economic efficiency are paramount and are maximized by basing human relationships on financial exchanges in which each individual seeks to maximize his or her individual financial gain. This in turn maximizes the general well-being and improves the lives of all. Nature exists for the benefit of humans, who rightfully control and dominate it.\""
"4891" "\"Janet is my husband’s ex-wife. Janet is the mother of my two step-daughters. Janet has been a stalker of mine, though it appears she may have gone dormant. I don’t say this tongue-in-cheek; she truly did stalk me for about 2 years. Her methods included giving keys to the house she and her husband lived in- a house I moved into after she took their daughters and left for England- to neighbors who broke in and made copies of my journal and sent them to her, and having the same sets of neighbors raid our garbage cans once they hit curbside so that she knew what our kids were getting for birthdays and Christmas, etc. I swear to the Man Upstairs that this is the truth. (I told you my life rivaled Hollywood.)\""
"4892" "\"The Ruger was seized by police. Investigators said it had a cartridge in the chamber and four in the magazine.\""
"4893" "\"Could not chase the red river away.\""
"4894" "\"Ariel Waldman, Lynn, Marianne Masculino and Cindy Li created the CupcakeCamp phenomenon.\""
"4895" "\"We had 8 lovely entries and the DT all loved calling past and seeing your creations.\""
"4896" "\"How many people help you write your blog?\""
"4897" "\"After this film night, things were put very much into perspective…and i support SmashEDO.\""
"4898" "\"- Femi Jiya: voix parlée (Harlem in Havana)\""
"4899" "\"09. Baby, Don't You Want A Man Like Me\""
"4900" "\"Byron\""
"4901" "\"5. begging\""
"4902" "\"- The dog who keeps watch.\""
"4903" "\"for the severely injured,\""
"4904" "\"I would appreciate your help! If you notice any pictures that are not working, please let me know so I can fix them.\""
"4905" "\"I used to keep our pots and pans in a typical kitchen cabinet, however, I found they were nearly impossible to get in and out without wanting to quit cooking before I even started, so they found a new home in the spinning lazy susan, which makes them SO much easier to find and grab! There is never harm in switching things up when something isn't working for you!\""
"4906" "\"power and destruction\""
"4907" "\"37.) I Have Always Been Against Iraq - NOT EXACTLY, you weren't in office to\""
"4908" "\"The Canadian women had just become the first team in history to capture gold at three consecutive Olympics. I agree that they probably erred in going back to the ice, not because of any moral issue but because there area always people willing to see the bad side of everything.\""
"4909" "\"Here you can post your “You Know You’re Borderline When…” thoughts with abandon. It doesn’t have to be well written, funny or even make sense, just like BPD.\""
"4910" "\"Roads into the centre were sealed off but vehicles are now coming back into the city. Police helicopters are hovering overhead and explosives experts have gone to investigate the scene. People were initially told to stay in buildings but are now returning to the streets.\""
"4911" "\"I have very limited Halloweenpapers, just one new and two I've used the last 2-3 years :) So to make this card I had to be creative. I only used small scraps of a \\"real\\" Halloweenpaper. The orange one is from basic grey (I can't remember the name of the line though as I bought it years ago and have cut off the namestrip. If anyone knows, leave a comment and I'll write it here) The bats are from a 4x4\\" quickutz (lifestyle crafts) die. I used spellbinders for the ovals and two shades of distressink for the image edges. The glittery text is a sticker I've had for ages.\""
"4912" "\"70. Visited the Lincoln Memorial\""
"4913" "\"This is of course just one example, but I think it’s an important realization and one that I need to cope with in order to improve as an ambassador and as a person. Sometimes we need to accept our faults and recognize the fallacy of our beliefs.\""
"4914" "\"What makes the Rifleman Dread so good? Autocannons aren’t that scary, right? Riflemen Dreadnoughts have a purpose – take out enemy vehicles AV 12 or less. Anything over that is a job for the Meltas. 4 shots that are twin linked are pretty darn reliable to hit. Str 7 vs AV 12 doesn’t sound great, but consider you should be hitting 3-4 times, so odds are you’re doing a point of damage. And, you can start tagging opponents across the map turn 1 too. And after you kill his vehicles, you’re probably inflicting 3-4 wounds on a unit as well. The Dreadnought can also take twin linked Lascannon and Missile Launcher for 145pts (what a lot of people take as it comes in the plastic kit.) For 20 extra points you lose two shots. Overall, the Missile Launcher and the Autocannons are a push for tank busting, though in this case the Autocannons are twin linked so it’s actually in favour of the Rifleman. The twin-linked Lascannon is slightly better than the twin-linked autocannon, but is it 20pts better? I don’t think so.\""
"4915" "\"My first story-\""
"4916" "\"I am very grateful for the year that has been. It has been full of the biggest challenges of my life and yet here I still am. 2011 forced me to face some areas in my life that have now built me into someone who is stronger, more authentic and self-caring. So thank you 2011, as much as I am glad to see the back of you, I would not have changed a minute.\""
"4917" "\"You taught me so many lessons in life, without even realizing you were teaching. You taught me that it doesn't matter how rich your bank account is, what's important is how rich your life is. You worked your entire life for very little. While you may not have had a million dollars in the bank, when it came to life and love, you were a millionaire 10 times over. You taught me that pride isn't about what you own, but where you come from.\""
"4918" "\"While the Regulars crushed one Warband to there front. They neglected to fight decisively to their rear\""
"4919" "\"he also said those all important words that every neighbor longs to hear.... \\"feel free to use the pool any time you'd like\\"\""
"4920" "\"So far, DBKL says that it will try to only block roads leading to the historical site, and not lock down the whole city like it did last year.\""
"4921" "\"PS 139 Co-President and actor, Christine Siracusa, will read popular books from the Scholastic collection.\""
"4922" "\"Rules(Follow them)\""
"4923" "\"And a board of all of my Ravens crap.\""
"4924" "\"seared duck breast with an apricot glaze\""
"4925" "\"2. From running events to training people\""
"4926" "\"After finals, however, we should be back with a summer's worth of free time to fill the internet with a wealth of words. Susan will be going home . . . and I?\""
"4927" "\"“Yes, I can. It ends with -tion.” And off he ran to put it in his backpack.\""
"4928" "\"(Granted, when I find said awesome thing, I don’t shut up about it for a while and make sure the people around me experience it. Not that I expect them to share my enthusiasm for it, but, you know, it’s always great to have someone you can talk to about it.)\""
"4929" "\"Happy-First-Monday-of-the-new-year!\""
"4930" "\"Now Tide has done it again! They just introduced their newest laundry product called Tide Pods.\""
"4931" "\"John Lu, who had flown in from Montreal that very day, and Sylvia Kuzyk, who was a convincing vixen, were the runners-up. John wowed the audience with his natural stage ability and great parody of bad Asian films opposite scene partner Alissa Watson. Sylvia had the grace and airs down pat for a famous actress, a lovely contrast to Toni Reimer’s mousy character who has come pleading for her husband back.\""
"4932" "\"Wednesday, November 9th – Scholastic Book Orders Due\""
"4933" "\"I was a little on edge, and as I looked around the room, I saw all the families, sitting and having fun and enjoying each others company. It was my first church Christmas party without my hubby. I didn't think it would affect me so much, but it did. It was all I could do to keep from bursting out in tears every time I looked at another family. Jimmy was done eating, and wanted to go and play. I just KNEW that the Mayor of Whooville would ream me out if Jim left the table, so I made him sit. He was trying to get away, and fell off the chair, and bumped his head on the floor. I was upset, and didn't give him the comfort that he really needed. I know, I can be a heartless mom. I was just trying to keep it all together.\""
"4934" "\"PAIR OF NEW TVIEW T718DVPL-TAN HEADRESTS WITH 7″ TFT CAR MONITORS BUILT IN + BUILT IN DVD/CD/MP3/DIVX PLAYER + BUILT IN FM MODULATOR + IR TRANSMITTER + USB INPUT AND SD CARD READER + 2 REMOTES + 2 YEAR WARRANTY\""
"4935" "\"After a number of years we decided that raising poultry on a commercial scale was not something we felt comfortable with. I wrote a post about that here. So now what? When you’re used to having eggs everywhere, you get used to having as many fresh eggs as you want. We realized quickly that moving one to two dozen hens around every three days would not be realistic, nor did we want them in a feathernet for a long period of time. Once you quit moving your stock, the predators become less unsettled and they settle in for the long haul, and the heavy manure buildup from chickens is hard on the soil. Keeping the chickens safe was high on the priority list, and next was ease of care. Chores become chores when they are repeated too often. Feeding the chickens everyday is a waste of time, when you can do it weekly. The same goes for watering.\""
"4936" "\"Anyway, you get the picture – he’d be angry and upset and I’d be angry and upset and both of us would be full of self-righteous indignation as we stomped home.\""
"4937" "\"8. Lovin' Cup\""
"4938" "\"It would be too long for me here to stay, to tell you in particular how God did set me down in all the things of Christ, and how He did, that He might do so, lead me into His words; yea, and also how He did open them unto me, make them shine before me, and comfort me over and over, both of His own being, and the being of His Son, and Spirit, and Word, and gospel.\""
"4939" "\"Please upload your cards to your blog, a gallery, or photobucket and remember to give us the EXACT links to see them. You can do 5 of the same cards or 5 different ones (as long as they follow the current challenge) If you do 5 of the same, please show us a picture of them altogether. If the linky isn't working for you for any reason, just post your link in the comments! Thanks!\""
"4940" "\"I have some good news today!!\""
"4941" "\"But above and beyond all those things, I miss him no matter what I’m doing. When putting on moisturizer on in the dark getting ready for bed, I remember how that’s how I do it at times when Chase is home. Because he’s already laying down for bed and I don’t want to turn on a light and disturb him. Then I want to be able to look over at him lying in the bed and say something, or do something to get his attention. But he’s not there. Folding clothes I can picture him helping me, and I think of what I’d do if he was there. As I’m finishing getting the kids ready for church I can almost see him at the sink taking care of the breakfast dishes, and I want to flash him a smile and let him know that I appreciate him. Watching tv, I think of the analysis I’d be giving him. At the store, I see movies I think he’d like and I imagine watching them with him.\""
"4942" "\"Or even a birder. In Feather Quest, Master birder Pete Dunne describes his own elaborate procedure for bird identification simply by listening to its song or call:\""
"4943" "\"“Too unpredictable,” I answered. “When they’re in a mean mood they strip tourists naked and chase them out of the jungle. What makes you think our guests want to kiss animals anyway? That sort of thing is for sentimental types who think the natural world is like a big hippy commune. We don’t get hippies in the Congo.”\""
"4944" "\"This is a photograph taken back in the Summer of 2008.\""
"4945" "\"To me, cheating on Optifast is different than cheating on other diets. It is a medically supervised diet. The doctors expect you to follow the program, and they base their decisions and care on the assumption that they know what exactly you are eating. The program is also expensive, so cheating on it is cheating yourself, big time, in terms of money and successful weight loss.\""
"4946" "\"The parish church is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin and was consecrated about the year 1050. It is thought that it was built on the site of an even earlier Christian meeting place marked by a standing cross, a fragment of which is under the church pulpit. St Mary’s has the tallest Saxon tower in the Tyne Valley. The building has three distinct architectural styles - a Saxon tower, a Norman doorway and early English Nave and Chancel. The registers date from 1679. Part of the former vicarage, located to the south of the church, dates from around 1378.\""
"4947" "\"Of course I probably have a heated reaction because I'm stalling in my second rewrite of a whole goddamn book on the subject, but there you go.\""
"4948" "\"It is time to plant in the cold frame. But for today my chores are nearly done. Upstairs entryway is tidied. The Bread is on its second rise. Pepper and hollyhock seeds are started. After Mark returns from his run, I will go for a long walk and then I take my turn at the sap fire for a bit...maybe with some knitting needles.\""
"4949" "\"Oh, and did I mention the selection of wines. Yes, they have a selection of wine. ”A nice German reisling would go great with the seafood salad.” The waitress/stewardess actually said that. And, German reisling is my favorite wine. Wow. “Virgin Atlantic Upperclass”. It’s like you knew I was coming.\""
"4950" "\"Chloe went to Corvallis for Halloween, where much fun was had by all.\""
"4951" "\"One of my office buddies asked me how I could consider people I would never meet my friends. I asked him what he knew about allowing for the turn of the cloth on the roll line of a collar stand, he just rolled his eyes. I think its a little arrogant to assume that the best people to be friends with are within arms reach, sometimes we just need to grow long arms.\""
"4952" "\"Irvin was like one of the guys, but more quiet and more to himself. The amount of adversity Irvin had faced while at Mt. SAC is a lot more than what people can imagine.\""
"4953" "\"9. Your dream car? Jaguar\""
"4954" "\"Or should we think about this issue from the perspective of addiction counselors and rephrase the question: Should we reward self-destructive behavior by providing more money to corrupt political elites in Greece?\""
"4955" "\"Next, I went to IKEA and got one of those light-bulb cord kit things that people use in paper lanterns. I figured I would plug it in to the switch that turns the light on and off and it would replace her yucky torchiere lamp. NOT. The exposed light bulb was blinding and the cord running down the corner of the room was not attractive at all. So, plan B. Throw it away and move on. Ha ha. Ok, just kidding. I will not let the lamp shade defeat me! No way! Hmmmmmm. Let me remind all of you that my brain is a strange strange place filled with strange strange ideas. That said, I rigged up this little contraption, and yes, covered it in YARN. A lamp harp, a twig, and some E6000 was all I needed to \\"make it work.\\" (disregard my scratched up desk. I haven't bothered to refinish it because I prefer to use it as a cutting mat...I know, I know).\""
"4956" "\"January came around and I began my training, especially for the swim. Every week for the past 4+ months I have spent many hours in the water. I started off barely able to swim 50 yards without passing out. After a few weeks I had to learn all over again because I was breathing on one side only, every second stroke. It felt like I was a beginner swimmer. Finally I was able to swim 100 yards, then 200 and 500 yards. The day came when I swam 3 500's with just a 30 second break in between. I was on cloud 9.\""
"4957" "\"It might be argued that this is all well and good when it comes to society at large, but should it apply to our children attending school? Shouldn’t they be, you know, protected from hate? Again, I see more good in protecting free speech. First of all, it is impossible to be objective about what speech is “bad.” People will always label speech that threatens their views as “wrong” or “offensive,” regardless of whether there is any truth to that claim. More importantly, children should be full participants in the democratic free exchange of ideas – we can’t expect them to handle ideas they find odious with maturity or sensibility if we do not teach them this skill. The Supreme Court over the years has spoken strongly in favor of this principle [emphasis mine]:\""
"4958" "\"And fiddled whisper music on those strings\""
"4959" "\"Who are your friends? And how did they come to be so? According to a recent study people like to make friends with others who share their same beliefs, values and interests, and the more choices they have, the more likely they are to choose these kinds of friends\""
"4960" "\"The fun thing is, you can make pizzas now, but you can also save some crusts for later - they freeze incredibly well. Thaw before you use them.\""
"4961" "\"Listened to today: Ghostface Killah- The Champ, Alice Cooper- From The Outside, Jimmy Eat World- Salt Sweat Sugar, Metallica- For Whom The Bell Tolls.\""
"4962" "\"We can’t proceed with business as usual.\""
"4963" "\"Okay Bad News first:\""
"4964" "\"Speaking of slutty, Matthew McConaghey's girlfirend Camilla Alves is wearing a black Kaufman Franco dress. It was a little too exposed for the Oscars in the front. Otherwise, a lovely dress and she does look great with Matthew in a Dolce & Gabbana suit. I just wish someone would make him cut his hair.\""
"4965" "\"PRAY RIDICULOUSLY HARD. I'm more committed than ever to praying for and with my kids. I know raising my teens into functioning adults is no walk in the park. I'm giving up before I get started and gonna cry out for Divine help and guidance constantly.\""
"4966" "\"we know now we won’t go\""
"4967" "\"I am not a threat to anybody except myself.\""
"4968" "\"And then there was the Philadelphia queens. Here is Miriam Webster and Satine Harlow. These girls are part of Mimi Imfurst's The Dollhouse Revue at Voyager on Wednesday nights. Mimi's is really bringing quite the drag show with the Dollhouse!\""
"4969" "\"I shall not elaborate much on the food since I didnt try them all (only took small bites), but overall they were tasty and nicely flavoured. I will definitely return another day to try more of their stuff with Hubby.\""
"4970" "\"He was one of the few people I could shut up around, simply because I knew he didn't need me to say a damned thing.\""
"4971" "\"..these had better be the best tasting potatoes on Earth!\""
"4972" "\"The dining room has windows on two sides. The furniture with its simple lines, is original, and the chairs are beautifully sprung, being made of tubular steel and covered with laced leather.\""
"4973" "\"and quiet me to where i will listen\""
"4974" "\"Stage three: The stock and garlic should now be reduced. Take it off the heat and whisk in the creme fraiche, and then the parmesan. The mixture gets lovely and thick. Serve the broccoli and gnocchi into bowls, and then pour the parmesan cream over the top. It is very important to eat the gnocchi with a spoon to scoop up as much of the cream as possible.\""
"4975" "\"But wait, broadcast industry opponents say. Aren’t broadcasters the rich and powerful few disenfranchising the rest of the country from having ubiquitous wireless broadband? Only they won’t say it quite like that, but the point is worth examining. Just 10 to 15 percent of U.S. households rely exclusively on over-the-air television. There is some evidence of cord-cutting–i.e., people ditching pay service for free TV–but not to the extent to suggest that ratio will double anytime soon. And we don’t know much yet about the adoption rate of mobile over-the-air TV because where is it already?\""
"4976" "\"一向以多保護間隔而耐用著名的INCASE袋，今次以騎單車作設計概念推出Range系列，這系列的袋除了適用於騎單車以外，更適合每天使用。\""
"4977" "\"I am just a human being who never wants to worry about paying for amenity's as these should be just essentials and not bills to even think about.\""
"4978" "\"Once you are satisfied with your middle blue, do the same technique for your third color. I started at the bottom of the chair, and worked up. Once the area you want solid is complete, you can use the fade technique from above to spray up and away into the middle color. You're almost done!\""
"4979" "\"Card is from stash, backing paper is from echo park sweet summertime set.\""
"4980" "\"Our local paper yesterday had a story about the Catholic priest from a small town north of here who has a pyrotechnics licence and stages fireworks displays in some of the small towns and villages hereabouts, with the profits going to the church. He calls his business \\"Holy Smoke\\"....isn't that a hoot?\""
"4981" "\"Malaysia paid RM6.7 billion in 2009 for the two Scorpene submarines — Picture courtesy of shaktiraj25.blogspot.com\""
"4982" "\"turn now to page 145 if you want the happy ending,\""
"4983" "\"I know its simple, but for first time I'm happy lol\""
"4984" "\"make a way out for me 'When you finish college, Son,'\""
"4985" "\"“Pan Am” (ABC) Glossy, juicy, sexy, this show is really a lot of fun. The cast is great, the story possibilities are endless and those planes are so damn sexy, I mean, seriously, did ya see the couches in that French chick’s section? Amazing! I wanna live in that world, but, sadly, I just don’t have time to watch it.\""
"4986" "\"Don't forget the cutting instructions will be posted for Sliced Apples on Monday May 14th\""
"4987" "\"Caitlin Power showcased a menswear and womenswear line that had a lot of architectural shapes in the designs. I loved how both the male and female models rocked the silver triangular cuff collar necklace!\""
"4988" "\"“Excuse me,” they say, cheeks reddening a bit.\""
"4989" "\"09. Dude, Where's My AT-AT At? feat. The Garthim-Master\""
"4990" "\"I guess working at it is the only option, but I don’t even know where to begin. I’ve been keeping people at an arm’s length for so long I don’t know how to stop. The second someone gets close I turn and run in the other direction. I’m trying to stop and learn that not all people are going to hurt me. It’s one heel of a thing to learn though.\""
"4991" "\"Entrants are 18 years or older.\""
"4992" "\"I did send Doris an email for her birthday, which was the day after their refrigerator broke and the same day as Sly had surgery. I wrote this:\""
"4993" "\"I am wondering...about the symbols on the Temples. I want to know what they all mean. I'm in the process of researching that.\""
"4994" "\"Nicole Weaver was born in Port-au-Prince Haiti. She came to the United States when she was ten years old. She is fluent in Creole, French, Spanish, and English. She is a veteran teacher of French and Spanish. Her second children’s trilingual book, My Sister is My Best Friend was published by Guardian Angel Publishing, November 2011. She is also the author of a children’s trilingual picture book, Marie and Her Friend the Sea Turtle. The story is about a Haitian girl who resides by the beach in Haiti.\""
"4995" "\"What that? You seen this before, so where am I going with all this back slapping? Glad you asked.\""
"4996" "\"My dear brothers and sisters in Christ, please know that God always listens to your prayers, and be aware that He speaks in so many different ways in response to these prayers. Be it through the advice of holy individuals in Scriptures like Christ or Paul, even the suggestions from your mother or peers that align with that of the Bible, or through nature if that is God’s plans to further reveal himself to you. Please do remember this as you continue to communicate to God in this 2-way dialogue. But know that God will respond to you with an answer that you may like or may not; nevertheless, this is God’s will and prepared path for us, and we must recognize that everything he has, is, or will allow in our lives are for our own benefit in our unique growth path toward Him, with our own unique sets of events and blessings. My loving brothers and sisters, do not waste your time attempting to “make things happen” and benefit ourselves by merely praying “in faith” because God knows what is truly in your heart.\""
"4997" "\"number 5....\""
"4998" "\"“I will destroy the wisdom of the wise,\""
"4999" "\"11 Backwards Fragment 2\""
"5000" "\"17. Crosseyed & Painless\""
"5001" "\"Hello everybody!! I am here to do another IMM!! I absolutely love doing these!! It gives me a chance to talk about some awesome books that I got this past week!! I think I stated this in my very first post that my friends and family aren't book lovers, so when I get new books I don't really have anybody to share my excitement with...till now that is! :)\""
"5002" "\"x\""
"5003" "\"Friday: Facebook updates its policy to give users more clarity on how much information they share is used by the company. It's in response to an audit by data-protection authorities in Ireland, where Facebook has its overseas headquarters. The company also signals that it may start showing people ads on sites other than Facebook, targeting the pitches to interests and hobbies that users express on Facebook.\""
"5004" "\"“Through aggressive, technology-driven investigations such as Operation Watchdog we must banish the misguided notion that online viewing and sharing of child pornography is a victimless crime,” state Attorney General Jeffrey S. Chiesa said.\""
"5005" "\"Different sources have put the city's cost at between $100,000 to more than $200,000 a summer. Because the city's role and exactly how much taxpayer money is spent is unclear, the Northeast Coalition of Neighborhoods has written Commissioner Amanda Fritz about \\"conflicting information,\\" \\"disinformation,\\" and \\"a lack of transparency,\\" despite repeated efforts to get answers from her since March.\""
"5006" "\"During the team's time at the Class 4 state tournament in Columbia, Westbrook's 19 points combined for nearly one-third of Zumwalt West's 74 points in losses to Blue Springs and Incarnate Word.\""
"5007" "\"Various Artists (Rhino)\""
"5008" "\"“The perception of things — it plays an incredible role,” he says. “Because sometimes the reality is quite different. In America, I have done horror movies, action films, cult films, social movies. I have been on Broadway, in ‘Nine.’ I have directed films. I don’t think there is a male actor in the world who has played more gay characters than I have. But it doesn't matter what I do — I am still the Latin lover.”\""
"5009" "\"Though some people find the cat scary, his owner clearly loves him. Listen for this quote from the cat's vet:\""
"5010" "\"Both lanes of the highway were blocked for about two hours.\""
"5011" "\"Today: Yahoo has downsized across the company, but the Hillsboro center continues operating.\""
"5012" "\"YPSILANTI, Mich. -- A Michigan university has determined that about 7,700 students got emails notices kicking them out of school for bad grades -- a message intended for only 100 students.\""
"5013" "\"Third Street Principal Suzie Oh described Caruso as one of her most effective teachers.\""
"5014" "\"King Estate, which is credited with bringing Oregon pinot gris to America's attention. This clean, refreshing pinot gris was made in the Alsatian style and tastes of melon, lemon and spice. Purchased in July at the Schnucks Ladue Crossing store for $12.99.\""
"5015" "\"Danes' Carrie Mathison is the most intriguing puzzler in this intricate web of intrigue. She's brilliant, tenacious, dedicated and driven to a fault. She has plenty of faults -- deeply disturbing faults that constantly threaten to undermine her career and our view of her as a relentless champion of truth.\""
"5016" "\"He says he punched the case out of anger Monday after the Knicks fell behind 2-0 and wasn't trying to injure himself, adding there was only a small piece of glass that he hit.\""
"5017" "\"\\"It rings me up every morning at 10 am, and there I am, on my machine measuring myself, and if I have gained weight, it asks me additional questions. I say it is like having your own nurse come into your house every day.\\" said the Naples, Fla., resident.\""
"5018" "\"By RILEY PAPSON\""
"5019" "\"The company's contracts contain an autorenewal clause, Couser said. \\"It's pretty standard for the telecommunications business.\\"\""
"5020" "\"\\"I could count on my hand the number of orders we got from overseas,\\" Lynch said. \\"The global economy was just struggling. People weren't buying capital equipment, they were just trying to survive.\\"\""
"5021" "\"In all, the Broncos converted 14 of their 20 third-down attempts. That 70 percent conversion rate is the second-best since 1991, when the statistic began being tracked.\""
"5022" "\"Ibarra, who has been fighting to be reinstated in the job he held for more than a dozen years, faces new allegations after Monterey County officials said they found Ingo severely emaciated and dehydrated in the backyard of Ibarra's Salinas home in February.\""
"5023" "\"At the beginning of the year, in three separate incidents at Alexander Wilson Elementary in West Philadelphia, Sigler was punched, cut and stabbed.\""
"5024" "\"To make matters worse, the accounts payable book is downright apocalyptic, with fabulous sums owed to creditors and clients. Meanwhile, the popularity of the product line has diminished.\""
"5025" "\"The 400,000-student system is grappling with a $970 million loss in state funding since 2008, with further cuts expected. Administrators have raised tuition and slashed staff, and are freezing enrollment for spring and discussing cutting programs.\""
"5026" "\"When police did not immediately arrest him, protesters took to the streets in cities across the country.\""
"5027" "\"Noting that Obama recently cited the inventive genius of Thomas Edison and the Wright brothers, he even joked that the president’s administration would have hamstrung them. “A regulator would have shut down the Wright brothers for their ‘dust pollution,’” he said. “And the government would have banned Thomas Edison’s light bulb. Oh yeah, they just did.”\""
"5028" "\"Arizona's Department of Corrections includes such factors in its annual cost comparisons.\""
"5029" "\"It used to be implicit that workers could expect reasonably steady employment along with a pension, health care and other benefits - and perhaps a gold watch at retirement.\""
"5030" "\"521 HARTFORD VALLEY DR $185,000\""
"5031" "\"Looney will not be a full participant in the camp due to a Lisfranc foot injury he sustained at the Senior Bowl in January.\""
"5032" "\"None was bigger than Canty’s sack, which came after Kerley fair caught a punt by Steve Weatherford at the 8-yard line with 2:13 to play. Canty heard Mangold’s calls and realized he’d have a one-on-one matchup with guard Matt Slauson.\""
"5033" "\"At a briefing for reporters, Gilbert police Sgt. Bill Balafas said all the evidence points to the shooting being a domestic violence situation. He didn't elaborate.\""
"5034" "\"I'm pretty sure last season went through everybody's mind, Nielsen said by phone. But we've matured a lot from last year and I think we played smarter than we did in the previous game up here. Overall, it was a good win for us and an important win.\""
"5035" "\"Christie's budget is contingent on cooperation from the Democratic-controlled Legislature. State law requires the budget to be approved by the Legislature and signed by the governor by June 30.\""
"5036" "\"When you drive through the valley on your arrival, the scarcity of cars is stunning for those who know the place only in summer, when it's something like driving the loop at SFO.\""
"5037" "\"On Sept. 19, 2009, the officer saw an SUV matching the description of one that had driven away after striking another vehicle in downtown Lawrence. The officer followed the vehicle until it turned into a driveway. Only after the driver pulled into the garage did the officer turn on her patrol car’s lights.\""
"5038" "\"That's a likely signal that the plant, slated to close in 2011, won't be shut early.\""
"5039" "\"But I did not yet know the meaning of the word exhausted. The Pentagon needs to figure out some strategic use for the Florida summer. It saps the strength of even the perkiest child, the most inveterate traveler. Still, with the misters and the air conditioning, with the spray bottles we brought (on advice from a Disney World website), we had a lovely time at Universal Orlando. Not only was the Wizarding World fantastic, but both Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios had many more and better rides than our local version does. The hotels are a five-minute boat ride away, and the room key acts as an Express Pass to many rides.\""
"5040" "\"And there are some signs having to do with economic inequality, too -- \\"Tax Wall Street Transactions!\\" and \\"End Corporate Welfare.\\"\""
"5041" "\"The reports offered a mixed picture for the economy one day before the government reports on job growth in November. Economists project that employers added a net 125,000 jobs. That's not enough to lower the unemployment rate, which is projected to stay at 9 percent for the second straight month.\""
"5042" "\"The family's lawyers have argued that neither Blake nor many of the other students whose laptop cameras were activated had reported those laptops missing or stolen. According to the motion, an unspecified number of laptops were being tracked because students had failed to return computers or pay a required insurance fee.\""
"5043" "\"Clifford said his family still had many heirlooms stored on the second floor and in the attic that he suspected were destroyed. Among them, he said, was a working TV that dated to the 1940s.\""
"5044" "\"\\"You never know,\\" Stanton said. \\"Mariann and I don't rule anything out.\\"\""
"5045" "\"Teams don't build their rosters around players such as Cabrera. They look for players with broader backs -- Albert Pujols, Miguel Cabrera, Justin Verlander, Matt Kemp, Clayton Kershaw and Adrian Gonzalez. But Cabrera can make those teams better, which would seem to put him in line for a multiyear deal in the three to four-year range.\""
"5046" "\"\\"The Rake's Progress\\" will be performed at 7:30 p.m. Friday and 3 p.m. Sunday at the Modell Center at the Lyric, 140 W. Mount Royal Ave. Tickets are $25-$35. Call 410-900-1150 or go to lyricoperahouse.com.\""
"5047" "\"For the hardcore Anglophiles, there was BBC America. For those wanting more discussion of big hats, fabrics, colors, morning suits and uniforms, there were the fashion-heavy hours offered by E! and TLC.\""
"5048" "\"However, I do take issue with those who advocate for for-profit colleges, which have been publicly exposed for their own inadequate graduation rates. I hate to use the old cliche about glass houses, but Schneider and Yin are clearly throwing stones, particularly at those of us in the California community college system.\""
"5049" "\"Intelligence officials have been working around the clock to determine the validity of a new threat of a possible al-Qaida attack on New York or Washington timed to coincide with the anniversary.\""
"5050" "\"Rushing — Dayspring, Taplin 6-86, Baer 6-22, Greener 10-20, Sanderford 2-7, Moore 1-7. Merino, Kurtzer 22-70, Chesterman 16-58; Amen 10-39.\""
"5051" "\"\\"There is just going to have to be a new way to deliver those services and how we pay for them,\\" said State Demographer Susan Brower.\""
"5052" "\"Meanwhile, in just the last few months, Post columnist Michael Goodwin has reported countless cases of schoolhouse data-fudging, and all based on first-hand accounts.\""
"5053" "\"\\"This is a really cool cubicle that could be adapted for an accounting office, a bank or whatever,\\" he said.\""
"5054" "\"Investors, wary of the European debt crisis and the turbulent stock market, have shifted money into the safety of U.S. Treasury bonds. That has pushed down the interest rate, or yield, on U.S. Treasury debt. Fixed mortgage rates tend to track that yield.\""
"5055" "\"Also, city officials are working to secure at least 140 more beds through the summer at other shelters, said Revekka Balancier, spokeswoman for Denver's Department of Human Services.\""
"5056" "\"Most visitors to the Napa Valley indulge their taste buds by sampling the region's world-class libations and its equally stellar cuisine. During the Napa Valley Festival del Sole, an annual celebration of classical and jazz music held at venues throughout Napa's wine country, the ears are also in for a treat.\""
"5057" "\"Dennis Mitchell Mueller was charged with driving on a suspended and revoked license, reckless driving with injuries and excessive speed and unsafe lane changes, Schmutz said.\""
"5058" "\"DETROIT -- Talks between Chrysler LLC's lenders and the Treasury Department to reduce the automaker's $6.9 billion in secured debt and keep it out of bankruptcy protection have disintegrated, a person familiar with the talks said early today.\""
"5059" "\"The Kings already were leading 1-0 by the time that fight took place, having taken the air out of the Blues and the building with Richards scoring only 31 seconds into the game, converting a rebound after Penner’s solid drive to the net.\""
"5060" "\"In his latest endeavor, Steyer intends to help fund the initiative to repeal the corporate tax break. If voters agree, the measure would generate about $1.1 billion in taxes each year from out-of-state corporations that do business in California.\""
"5061" "\"\\"People I've known for years on the Republican Central Committee said, 'Don, this is something you'd find interesting,' \\" he said of his reason for running. \\"I find this a whole new world -- of 1.2 million people and a $1.4 billion budget and 8,000 employees -- and we have to figure out how we govern that.\\"\""
"5062" "\"In data compiled for a coming report, the Economic Policy Institute, a center-left think tank in Washington, found that the average inflation-adjusted hourly wage for male college graduates aged 23 to 29 dropped 11% over the past decade to $21.68 in 2011. For female college graduates of the same age, the average wage is down 7.6% to $18.80.\""
"5063" "\"The oldest basketball tournament in town is poised for a smashing return to glory.\""
"5064" "\"Christie has proposed a $29.3 billion budget. The Legislature is holding public hearings on the proposal throughout the state this week.\""
"5065" "\"LANSING, Mich. (AP) — The Michigan Department of Natural Resources says it's holding an auction in Lansing on Tuesday for oil and gas drilling rights on about 108,000 acres in 23 counties.\""
"5066" "\"Louis S. Sachs, called the father of modern Chesterfield, died May 27 of heart failure. He was 83.\""
"5067" "\"Or near them, as the legislation would permit cameras to be placed up to 300 feet outside school zones to target cars approaching those areas. Collova said police recommended expanding the enforcement zone around schools. He said the target area would be clearly marked by signs. \\"There's no entrapment here,\\" he said.\""
"5068" "\"\\"The U.S does have concerns about the public appearances of a man who's the leader of an internationally sanctioned terrorist organization,\\" a U.S. official said. The official added, however, that the timing of the announcement of the U.S. Rewards for Justice bounty wasn't related to anger over a recent flurry of appearances but had been in the works for months.\""
"5069" "\"Marilyn & Hans Grunbaum\""
"5070" "\"Simmons, who plans to step down later this year, said Brown is \\"deeply concerned\\" about Providence's finances and understands that its future is tied to that of the city.\""
"5071" "\"The Marlins trailed 5-4 when Giancarlo Stanton led off the ninth with a double off Francisco (1-2). Stanton took third on a flyout and scored on a single by Bonifacio.\""
"5072" "\"Third down continues to be a trouble spot for the Denver offense. The Broncos converted just 1-of-9 against the Rams, making them 2-of-21 in their last two games.\""
"5073" "\"Fisher just laughs. \\"Smoke and mirrors, baby.\\"\""
"5074" "\"\\"It's not going to be me,\\" Christie said.\""
"5075" "\"That's pretty much how his first few days in a new home feel to a newly-adopted dog, but it doesn't have to be that way.\""
"5076" "\"Before he could be tried a third time, Alcala was linked by DNA evidence to the torture slayings of Jill Barcomb, 18, of Oneida, NY, whose body was found on a dirt path near Mulholland Drive in November, 1977; Georgia Wixted, 27, a nurse whose was found in her Malibu home, naked, battered and raped in December 1977; Charlotte Lamb, 32, a legal secretary whose body was found naked and dead in the laundry room of an apartment complex in El Segundo in June 1978, and Jill Parenteau, 21, a computer program keypunch operator, who was killed in her Burbank apartment in June 1979.\""
"5077" "\"Trevor Elkins, is a bit of an anomaly. Running in the Democratic primary against two lawyers, his own education stopped with a high school diploma, and his personal background includes a personal bankruptcy filing in 2005 and a DUI conviction in 1998.\""
"5078" "\"\\"I don’t think Sibelius’ vocal music is very prominent and he’s definitely not an opera composer, which brings even less attention to his talent in vocal music,\\" says Milanov. \\"I think people will discover something quite interesting in that particular work.\\"\""
"5079" "\"The service began at St. Veronica’s church in Howell. The funeral procession passed under a large American flag hanging outside the church, then traveled miles up Route 9, ending at a Freehold cemetary for the burial.\""
"5080" "\"But it works only if Woods shows a little personality. Tell some stories. Crack a (PG-rated) joke. Display a small slice of warmth.\""
"5081" "\"Said Buckeyes' sophomore point guard Aaron Craft: \\"It is something you have to get adjusted to and understanding my role might not be scoring, but there are so many other ways to impact a basketball game to help the team be successful. And it's trying to find that and trusting the coaches when they tell you what you should do. It can be tough at times.\\"\""
"5082" "\"One key, Zelikow writes, was not letting the commissioners hire their own staffs to pursue private agendas.\""
"5083" "\"Game 2: Friday at Vancouver, 7 p.m.\""
"5084" "\"The next day, with the dream replaying in his mind, Hendrix started researching how to go about becoming a kidney donor.\""
"5085" "\"For their current tour, they've created a fun-looking program that includes arrangements from J.S. Bach's Sonata in E Major, Claude Debussy's piano suite, \\"Children's Corner,\\" \\"Danzas Argentinas\\" by Alberto Ginastera, a medley from Charlie Chaplin's films \\"Gold Rush\\" and \\"Lime Light\\" and Bela Bartok's \\"Rumanian Folk Dances.\\"\""
"5086" "\"Next, several inclinometers, which measure slope inclines, will be placed into the St. Clair pavement and on the construction site to determine how much the soil is moving and geothermal penetrating radar will determine if there are voids under the pavement.\""
"5087" "\"He appeared Thursday evening at a closed session in a Belgrade court, looking frail and walking very slowly as he was escorted by four guards in the first step of the extradition process. He wore a navy-blue jacket and a baseball hat with gray hair sticking out the sides, and carried what appeared to be a towel in his left hand. He could be heard on state TV saying \\"good day\\" to someone in the court. A guard could be heard telling him, \\"Let's go, general.\\"\""
"5088" "\"3-point goals — Edens, 2, Jelden, L. Cheney; Chavez 2. Total fouls — Eaton 25, Holy Family 13. Fouled out — B. Cheney.\""
"5089" "\"SANTANA & THE ALLMAN BROTHERS BAND\""
"5090" "\"Refresh frequently to see live updates.\""
"5091" "\"Jersey City has the potential to rake in more than $4 million in revenue once the show\""
"5092" "\"Triad scored seven of the first 11 points of the quarter to cut the lead to 29-17 on a Paige Burroughs steal and breakaway layup with 4:18 left in the quarter.\""
"5093" "\"Q: What in Detroit's corporate cultures caused them to get into trouble and what did you learn from being there?\""
"5094" "\"Earlier this month an advisory committee of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended that the agency lower the \\"level of concern\\" from 10 micrograms /deciliter to 5 micrograms /deciliter.\""
"5095" "\"Exposed: The view improved on Avon's Eaton Road.\""
"5096" "\"Injuries: Indians – OF Grady Sizemore (back), RHP Carlos Carrasco (elbow) and LHP Rafael Perez (left latissimus) are on the disabled list. White Sox – RHP Jesse Crain (oblique) is on the disabled list.\""
"5097" "\"\\"There will be some criticism that there won't be a comedy or musical at Center Stage next season,\\" Kwei-Armah says. \\"But there's time. It'll be at least three years before I've gone through the cycle of the things that I really want to produce. I'm not leaving after a year, unless they run me out of town.\\"\""
"5098" "\"Customers and regulators might be angered by the strategy, Davis added, but said: \\"There's nothing illegal about. It's business. It's moving to protect assets.\\"\""
"5099" "\"\\"We don't need more regulations,\\" he said.\""
"5100" "\"Birch was otherwise in control of “Bible Belt” — right down to its packaging. She chose the soft-focus cover image (one that makes the young singer look a bit like a character in “Annie Hall”), and the ’70’s-magazine font that accompanies it.\""
"5101" "\"Matheny admits Cards rushed Craig\""
"5102" "\"Red Bud, with about 3,700 people, is in Randoloph County, about 36 miles southeast of St. Louis.\""
"5103" "\"The commission focused on what seemed to be pervasive cheating at 12 schools, including Venetian Hills.\""
"5104" "\"“The one thing about Joe Kennedy is he’s known — he’s going to start out strong. Bielat should be able to make up some, but whether that means he can keep on doing that and get the majority is another question,” said Berg.\""
"5105" "\"Thibodeau said he expects Rose to attack his rehabilitation like he does everything else.\""
"5106" "\"TRENTON, N.J. (AP) — New York State officials say the former chief financial officer of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey was eligible for a payment that boosted his pension to $233,000 a year.\""
"5107" "\"But many are concerned about the ruling's impact on pit bull ownership.\""
"5108" "\"Lugar's words showed why he lost.\""
"5109" "\"The recalls, which started in January with children's jewelry sold at Walmart stores, have included about 12 million \\"Shrek\\" movie-themed drinking glasses distributed by McDonald's restaurants. The other recalls targeted at least 200,000 pieces of jewelry, mostly for children.\""
"5110" "\"The stricken transfer law, said Center School District Superintendent Bob Bartman, “was designed to help people who want to transfer, but it does not address the problems of the overwhelming majority who would stay in a district.”\""
"5111" "\"Indians update: They've lost six of their last seven games. The last time Kansas City visited Progressive Field, they took two out of three from the Tribe. They outscored them, 19-8, and out-homered them, 6-2. Indians are hitting .305 (127-for-417) against the Royals this year. Masterson is 2-0 and Carmona 1-1 against them.\""
"5112" "\"\\"This deal is historic and it opens a window of opportunity … in making Greece's debt more sustainable, reaching 120% of gross domestic product by 2020,\\" Venizelos said.\""
"5113" "\"Downs said he doubts the energy issue will pay a big role in the election.\""
"5114" "\"\\"We're now seeing a new generation of (hundred)-millionaires and billionaires who are interested in space,\\" says space entrepreneur Diamandis. \\"This is smart money investing in one of the largest commercial opportunities ever: going to space to gain resources for the benefit of humanity.\\"\""
"5115" "\"Romney also met Brian Rossi, an IT professional lives in Harrison Township. Wearing a \\"Mitt happens\\" shirt, Rossi, a Republican, said Romney likely will get his vote.\""
"5116" "\"The two winners from Tuesday will each get $177.5 million. Besides the jackpot, prizes range from $2 to $250,000.\""
"5117" "\"Residents and activists said some of the protesters were armed and provoked the situation.\""
"5118" "\"As it is, smokers are simply being triply punished with an unwanted addiction, a devastating cost to their health and an even more abusive cost financially.\""
"5119" "\"But Kavanagh, a co-sponsor of SB 1070, dismissed claims that the law is unconstitutional or that it will lead to racial profiling.\""
"5120" "\"By flipping the turkey during cooking, the flavors permeate the meat while keeping it moist and juicy.\""
"5121" "\"Robert Downey Jr. says having a baby is like being on a ''bad date with somebody who is really small''.\""
"5122" "\"Integra's debt load nearly tripled with its $710 million purchase of Minnesota-based Eschelon Telecom in 2007, and the company suffered a series of credit downgrades in the last year as the broader economy went south.\""
"5123" "\"The Tribune reported earlier this year that women who report sexual violence on campuses rarely see their attackers arrested and almost never see them convicted. A June survey of six schools in Illinois and Indiana found police investigated 171 reported sex crimes since fall 2005, with 12 resulting in arrests and four in convictions. Only one of the convictions stemmed from a student-on-student attack.\""
"5124" "\"Registration – 9:00 AM Walk Begins – 10:00 AM\""
"5125" "\"Sore subject:\""
"5126" "\"“I don’t like to, especially this early,” Girardi said of using Rivera. “But we were in a bind.”\""
"5127" "\"The opening reception will take place from 6-8 p.m. Oct. 14.\""
"5128" "\"Governments have ruled out increasing their financial commitments, but they acknowledge that with some €140 billion already going to Ireland, Portugal and Greece, the EFSF isn't big enough to both help recapitalize weak banks and keep big economies like Italy and Spain from being dragged into the crisis.\""
"5129" "\"Citigroup Inc.'s shares were also down 5.1 percent after the Treasury Department said it plans to sell up to 1.5 billion shares of Citigroup stock, its latest move to unwind the support it provided big banks during the financial crisis. Citi shares closed off 25 cents at $4.61.\""
"5130" "\"On an annual basis, we have to deal with player availability of this nature, Hathaway said. Probably two that stand out in all of our minds from the past couple years would be Patty Mills at Saint Marys and Robbie Hummel at Purdue. Certainly, the young man youre talking about is a productive member of that team. He was averaging about 20-21 minutes a game. We will talk about his role, we will talk about the impact of his not being available to the team as they go into the postseason. That will be thoroughly vetted today in our conference reports and will thoroughly be vetted as we go through seeding conversations the remainder of the week.\""
"5131" "\"\\"That's a big thing for us,\\" Showalter said. \\"From a ground-rule and umpire standpoint, that's easy. If fact, it's actually easier now.\\"\""
"5132" "\"Glazed Lemon Chia Cookies\""
"5133" "\"\\"Those of us who heard about this happening in January were part of a word-of-mouth phenomenon,\\" said Messitte, who acquired the U.S. publishing rights to the trilogy and has already put 1 million copies of the first book into the marketplace in its initial two weeks of physical sales.\""
"5134" "\"In Green Bay, Wolf hired Holmgren and pushed trading a first-round draft choice for quarterback Brett Favre, a young, unproven backup in Atlanta whom the GM was sold on coming out of college.\""
"5135" "\"He earned a bachelor's and a master's degree in four years at Yale University before going to Harvard Law School. He taught criminal law as a tenured professor at Lewis & Clark Law School and was elected attorney general in 2008.\""
"5136" "\"The stoppage was seen as a test of whether unions have the support to stage a full-blown general strike over labor market reforms the Socialist government says it will impose by decree very soon if the unions do not reach agreement on their own with management. The reforms are deemed critical to resurrecting Spain's moribund economy and reassuring jittery investors who have sent the government's borrowing costs soaring.\""
"5137" "\"Other works are darker in tone. \\"Union Battle,\\" \\"Pesticide\\" and \\"Long Day\\" depict farm workers' struggles in somber, at times menacing, tones. In \\"Border Line,\\" illegals break through a barbed-wire fence. In \\"Backyard Victory Garden,\\" symbols of the United Farm Workers  black eagles  sprout from tiny green plants. \\"Stoop Labor\\" is a sculpture in the form of a rectangular block of earth with short-handled hoes stuck into the soil.\""
"5138" "\"Attendees echoed a phrase from a statement sent by Steve Pond  William's son and Camero's father  and vowed to wage \\"a conspiracy for good.\\"\""
"5139" "\"9. Lance Lynn P\""
"5140" "\"In winter, visitors to Val Caudalies can hike, cross-country ski and snowshoe for a few hours, then head indoors to taste wines and observe how the late-harvest vintage is made, all free of charge.\""
"5141" "\"\\"We want to grow this business, but we don't know what the economy is going to do,\\" Kowalski said. \\"There are so many things in flux.\\"\""
"5142" "\"\\"Y bring Tebow in when we need to bring in more Weapons for (at)Mark—Sanchez,\\" Cromartie tweeted. \\"Let's build the team around him. We already signed to 3 year ext.\\"\""
"5143" "\"The two regulation goals were scored 4:29 apart in the second period, Callahan beating Holtby on a power-play spinner from in front at 6:41 before John Carlson snapped a right circle drive past Lundqvist up top to the far side at 11:10.\""
"5144" "\"If they were right in their assessments, the buildings succeeded and the businessmen made money.\""
"5145" "\"Redmond, Fawcett's troubled son with actor Ryan O'Neal, was jailed April 5 for a probation violation - heroin possession.\""
"5146" "\"Orange County prosecutors say 30-year-old Christopher Robert Lanphar was also ordered on Tuesday to pay restitution and he was placed on three years' probation.\""
"5147" "\"Tom Breckenridge contributed to this story.\""
"5148" "\"Meanwhile, the football team has gone to six bowl games in seven years and the women’s basketball team has competed in 2007 NCAA Final Four. And this year, eight wrestlers qualified for college championships.\""
"5149" "\"\\"It's an outrageous letter,\\" Villaraigosa said. \\"It is a reflection of the lack of leadership in that union for him to say the kinds of things that he did, because he knows it's not true.\\"\""
"5150" "\"4. \\"Time After Time\\"\""
"5151" "\"Nokia presented the Finnish entrepreneur as its new chairman to shareholders at the company's annual general meeting. Mr. Siilasmaa, born in 1966, founded Finnish anti-virus software company F-Secure Oyj and has been a member of Nokia's board since 2008.\""
"5152" "\"No one is sure, exactly, but the authors of the Harvard study mention a few possible culprits in their paper in the Archives of Internal Medicine.\""
"5153" "\"The change isn't what today's college students learn. It's who teaches them. That image of the cloistered, tenured professor, sitting in an office overrun with books? Forget it. Today, 47 percent of those teaching undergrads are adjuncts.\""
"5154" "\"But even the best efforts may simply delay the inevitable arrival of the mussels here, said Chan. But the longer we keep them out, the more money we save and the more likely we'll develop more effective eradication or prevention plans.\""
"5155" "\"A panel of Democratic and Republican lawmakers on Tuesday recommended against Gov. Pat Quinn’s plan to close six state facilities, including the state’s only super-maximum prison in downstate Tamms.\""
"5156" "\"A standout high school basketball player, Kemp was visibly excited by news that Johnson would be part of the next ownership group.\""
"5157" "\"In the latest quarter, Lipitor revenue fell 42 percent to $1.4 billion, mainly due to a 71 percent plunge in the U.S. However, CEO Frank D'Amelio said in an interview that U.S. market share was \\"was 2 1/2 times higher than what we would have expected\\" without the deals.\""
"5158" "\"The sponsoring foundation, working with Civic Progress, has lined up $22 million in federal grants, $25 million in state money, $15 million from existing greenway district revenue sources and $33 million from private contributions toward its $553 million goal.\""
"5159" "\"\\"It just stinks to the high heaven what happened here,\\" Rep. Stephen Lynch, D-Mass., railed earlier in the day at Obama's treasury secretary, Timothy Geithner.\""
"5160" "\"Their relationship is more nuanced, and fraught, in the Cold War thriller Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, based on John le Carr's classic novel and opening Friday . Oldman, 53, carries the film as the inscrutable, invisible yet lethal George Smiley, a seemingly washed-up agent brought back to plug the leak in the top tier of British intelligence. Firth, 51, smolders on the sidelines as Smiley's colleague Bill Haydon, one of the men suspected of being the mole selling information to the Russians.\""
"5161" "\"The Indiana Economic Development Corp. offered the company up to $1 million in tax credits and up to $200,000 in training grants based on the job creation plans. (Star report)\""
"5162" "\"Settles also posted a 1-800 number on Facebook that UAW hourly workers can call to hear daily updates on the unions progress with Ford.\""
"5163" "\"Powell says state police are working with the Illinois Department of Transportation to decrease the number of crashes on these ramps and are offering up plenty of suggestions. The most common sense advice, he says, is to pay attention to posted signs near the ramps.\""
"5164" "\"Jeffrey Stenroos, the former Los Angeles school police officer who staged his own shooting last year in a bizarre hoax that caused three schools to be locked down and forced the closure of streets across the western San Fernando Valley, will pay the city a lump sum of $309,000 in restitution, authorities said Monday.\""
"5165" "\"Bosh played 37 minutes, and his 10 rebounds were a team-high.\""
"5166" "\"\\"NATO's missile defense will be capable of intercepting only a small number of relatively unsophisticated ballistic missiles,\\" he said.\""
"5167" "\"Elbert County is examining its relationship with the Ranchland News, which prints the county's legal notices. The county is unhappy with the newspaper's \\"negative\\" coverage, and that is one reason Elbert County is considering other options — along with costs — an official said.\""
"5168" "\"And because everyone knows dress shopping can easily turn into an all- afternoon affair, reTULLEd offers a comfortable resting place -- a black leather couch, a copy of Rolling Stone, and a small (but growing) selection of formal menswear (including tuxedo rental under $100) for the tag-along boyfriend. There's also a set of dominoes for the kids and a rack or two of everyday fashions for friends to browse while the bride-to-be or future prom queen gets lost in row after row of ruching, satin and silk.\""
"5169" "\"Next year the corps will install an array of wires below The Dalles Dam to keep seagulls and other birds away from the salmon, which could improve survival rates even more, Fredricks says.\""
"5170" "\"\\"For being the piece of furniture that no one in the family wanted, it now looks beautiful in my home,\\" she added, \\"and I was able to preserve a piece of my family's history.\\"\""
"5171" "\"\\"If you look at the problem the county has ... there was this sense it was kind of a closed fraternity of people that would bid,\\" he said. \\"It's important that it not be a mystery what the process is, or what the contracts are.\\"\""
"5172" "\"According to the company, its bio-fiber products require less energy to produce and are competitively priced compared with traditional reinforcements with bigger carbon footprints.\""
"5173" "\"\\"We had a normal heart rhythm on the monitor and a pulse before (Gannon) was loaded into the ambulance,\\" Harker said. \\"He was still unconscious because the brain takes time to recover after an episode like that.\\"\""
"5174" "\"\\"We're definitely worried. If it's a little injury, he wouldn't go down like that,\\" foward Luol Deng said. \\"It looked bad, so right now we're just hoping for the best.\\"\""
"5175" "\"5. Gov. Christie urges residents to vote down towns that try to 'get around' property tax cap. Voters in Lawrence and Medford are being asked to go beyond the property tax cap, and Governor Christie is telling voters to reject those caps. But Medford says that the extra money is needed, and that trash pick-up will be eliminated if the cap isn't circumvented.\""
"5176" "\"“They need to know how to work in swift currents, to remove people from submerged vehicles, and to handle emotionally distressed victims,” O’Donnell added.\""
"5177" "\"... We ran to the windows and saw that the streets were full of people, who looked like frenzied ants whose home had been stirred up with a stick. They were barefooted and in all stages of reckless dishabille, treading around on broken glass and brickbats, trying to find out what had hit them, and I never felt so small and helpless in my life as I did that morning when I gazed upon the stricken city.\""
"5178" "\"Nine years after the slaying of rap star Biggie Smalls, LAPD Chief William J. Bratton has launched a task force of senior homicide detectives to hunt down the killer, a rare show of force for a cold-case murder with no new evidence.\""
"5179" "\"Aaron Meyer Concert: The rock violinist performs with guitarist Tim Ellis, and plays some arrangements with the school’s choirs. 7 p.m. Sun, April 29. North Clackamas Christian School, 19575 Sebastian Way, Oregon City; $20 general, $15 senior citizens, $5 ages 12\""
"5180" "\"While Congress ultimately gave Title VII some teeth by giving bias victims the right to recover compensatory and punitive damages and by permitting the right to trial by jury, the presidential election, coupled with the aftermath of the Thomas hearings, forced a congressional showdown.\""
"5181" "\"Kipnis grounded out to first, scoring Kotchman and Asdrubal Cabrera walked, reloading the bases. Santana then lined a ball inches from Sale's shoulder and into center field to tie it.\""
"5182" "\"Peacemaking is my profession. For more than a decade, I have been arranging meetings between South Ossetians and Georgians -- schoolchildren, mothers, teachers and even soldiers -- to discuss the values we shared and the misunderstandings and hatred that have driven us apart. Child by child, person by person, village by village, we worked to defuse the historic and complex tensions in South Ossetia, a region of diverse ethnicities and national identities.\""
"5183" "\"Panetta and Dempsey’s remarks came in response to Monday’s announcement that 10 U.S. military members were under investigation by the Pentagon for their alleged role in hiring prostitutes and other instances of misconduct. The breakdown of those under investigation includes five Special Forces Army soldiers, two Marines, two members of the Navy and one member of the Air Force. The 11 accused Secret Service agents have had their security clearances revoked, and have been since placed on administrative leave.\""
"5184" "\"The latest analysis, released Monday by the right-leaning Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, said a tax cap will not harm student learning, despite the claims by educators that strangling property tax growth will lead to layoffs and less qualified teachers.\""
"5185" "\"The list of celebrities he contacted is a virtual who’s who of the movie world: Chris Rock, Tina Fey, Will Ferrell, Adam Sandler, Chelsea Handler, Michael Moore and Roseanne Barr — just to name a few.\""
"5186" "\"The man was arguing with someone who then shot him in the 6200 block of South Washtenaw Avenue about 8 p.m., police said. He ran and collapsed in the 6200 block of South Fairfield Avenue.\""
"5187" "\"\\"If anyone in Congress tries to move to a dirty-air policy, I will take them straight to the American people and do everything in my power to stop them,\\" Boxer, a Democrat, pledged at a news conference.\""
"5188" "\"• Rob Moseley, Eugene Register Guard: Thomas has doubters, just not on UO sideline: Entering Friday’s Pac-12 title game against UCLA in Autzen Stadium, Thomas ranks 12th nationally in pass efficiency with a quarterback rating of 158.6, behind only Luck and Barkley in the conference. Thomas’ ratio of 27 touchdowns to five interceptions — two of which went through receivers’ hands when the Ducks faced WSU — far exceeds those of Foles and Price. “I’m not really worried about who’s rating me or anything like that,” Thomas said. “I’m just worried about getting wins.”\""
"5189" "\"In 2009, however, they must have been in the vineyard at the perfect time, snatching grapes just when the resulting wine would announce zinfandel in full voice but without much heat from alcohol.\""
"5190" "\"To keep up, she said, Yahoo needs to be able to offer its own highly personalized services -- including online shopping recommendations and search tools that can anticipate what users are looking for. To pick out patterns for such personalization, Toth said, Yahoo needs to analyze a larger set of data on user behavior.\""
"5191" "\"The false documents resulted in the approval of nearly $20 million in fraudulent loans, prosecutors said.\""
"5192" "\"A video that provides students and parents with an overview of the youth commission can be viewed online at www.glendaleaz.com/mayor/myac.cfm.\""
"5193" "\"Even if all the bids are accepted — and 10 of them have already been sent to the city law department for review because they appeared not to meet certain legal requirements — they fall far short of Rawlings-Blake's hope to take as many as 31 centers off the city's shoulders.\""
"5194" "\"High-powered fountains moving in sync to the musical score will squirt water into the 7 million gallon pool from the first few rows of the 5,500-seat Shamu Stadium. In one show sequence, the whales play amid the arcing fountains.\""
"5195" "\"There are no secrets anymore about the dangers of blows to the head. The U.S. military awards Purple Heart medals to soldiers who have been violently concussed. The lingering and accumulating effects from head trauma are known, documented and feared. Dementia is the scar for the wounded to wear.\""
"5196" "\"Donell Bryant insisted his daughter, Quandria, 15, “acts like it’s all about her.”\""
"5197" "\"The lesson, Pernetti feels, is to sell a Rutgers program that will excel on the field, in the classroom and as a community without Schiano.\""
"5198" "\"Buzz, a 3-year-old California sea lion, had cataracts even before he came to the zoo two years ago. The surgery should restore some vision to his right eye. Vision in his left eye could not be saved because of a detached retina but the team was able to relieve discomfort.\""
"5199" "\"\\"No one wants to deal with them, because they're the hard cases,\\" Jim Bassler, a commercial fisherman, told me. \\"The money goes to help people who want help and are easier. It's understandable. I don't look for the hardest fish to catch.\\"\""
"5200" "\"Manion and Clemons will join trombonist Clark Gayton and trumpeters Curt Ramm and Barry Danielian in the E Street Band's brass and woodwind section. Gayton and Ramm have toured with Bruce Springsteen before. Barry Danelian is a relative newcomer to Team Springsteen, but he's a respected sideman and a music industry veteran who has accompanied Paul Simon, Blood, Sweat and Tears, Billy Joel, and many other prominent acts. He played with the Boss (and Manion, Gayton and Ramm) at the Carousel House show in Asbury Park in December 2010.\""
"5201" "\"\\"We were surprised at how sweeping the cuts were,\\" said Terry Allan, commissioner of the Cuyahoga County Board of Health, whose lead screening efforts are focused primarily in high-risk ZIP codes in Cleveland and inner-ring suburbs such as Cleveland Heights, East Cleveland and Maple Heights.\""
"5202" "\"Individuals generally are not eligible for Medicare until age 65 so if Shawn was to retire this year, they would have to consider alternatives for health insurance.\""
"5203" "\"11 Pointe View Place, $715,000, 03-19-12, 2,490 SF, 3 BR\""
"5204" "\"Michael Sheen, \\"The Special Relationship\\"\""
"5205" "\"Some districts have less to worry about. In Essex Fells, only one of 37 workers was eligible. And only 5 percent of certified teaching staff in charter schools were eligible to retire. That’s because charter schools began just 15 years ago, and some hired either new teachers or those from out of state.\""
"5206" "\"Once thinking of becoming a police officer or deputy sheriff, he suddenly lacked initiative and seemed to have little motivation, his father said.\""
"5207" "\"\\"It's a labor of love,\\" said Morse, who invented a famous Intel microprocessor chip before taking an obsessive interest in cataloging his family's history.\""
"5208" "\"Graff's store alone has seen about a dozen layaway accounts paid off in the last 10 days, with the donors paying $50 to $250 on each account.\""
"5209" "\"Cinnamon\""
"5210" "\"There are several more examples that clearly show Armendariz, and more broadly the EPA, are gunning for energy producers in Texas.\""
"5211" "\"The report had analyst Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo taking a \\"wait and see\\" approach before expressing confidence in St. Jude's newer leads, including Durata and the Riata ST Optim models.\""
"5212" "\"Smiling, he added, \\"But it's pretty intense around here. That's good.\\"\""
"5213" "\"The company said today it filed for approval of Xarelto as a treatment for deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism, and as a preventative treatment for recurring venous thromboembolism. Deep vein thrombosis is a blood clot in large veins, usually in the legs. Those blood clots sometimes dislodge and travel to the lungs, where they can block the pulmonary artery in a condition called pulmonary embolism that can be fatal.\""
"5214" "\"As a candidate for governor, Whitman spent more than $150 million of her own money to blanket the state with advertising for nearly 18 months to get out her political message. But on Thursday, she was clearly reluctant to criticize Brown, whom she lambasted as a failed career politician during the campaign.\""
"5215" "\"Anton Volchenkov-Peter Harrold\""
"5216" "\"Rembrandt, meanwhile, was living out of wedlock with his housekeeper, Hendrickje Stoffels, 20 years his junior. In 1654, the visibly pregnant Stoffels finally responded to four summonses to meet with a church council, which then excommunicated her for living with Rembrandt \\"as a whore,\\" Rassieur states.\""
"5217" "\"\\"That is the neat part of here, and maybe what we've built,\\" Izzo said. \\"It's not me, and I'm not being that modest. It's the system, it's the guys, it's the assistant coaches -- they've got everything down. They're working on three different games right now and, hopefully, we can use it.\\"\""
"5218" "\"Feel free to share your limo stories, good and bad.\""
"5219" "\"\\"There is a direct relationship between how many sites we've identified and the presence and absence of regulations,\\" said Lisa Evans, an attorney at Earthjustice, which earlier this month released a report identifying Missouri as among a dozen states with the weakest regulations for coal ash disposal.\""
"5220" "\"Each person who bought a raffle \\"paper plate\\" from a princess had his or her name placed in a drawing to win $500 at the July 15 coronation of the queen. Shannon McBride was the winner.\""
"5221" "\"2012 Toyota Camry Hybrid: 12 days\""
"5222" "\"That could mean gambling on more costly projects. The water authority recently decided to spend about $400,000 analyzing a concept that was last assessed a decade ago: delivering water from Imperial irrigators to San Vicente Reservoir near Lakeside. The idea is to bypass Metropolitan's pipes for part of the local supply, though San Diego still would rely on MWD to make deliveries from other sources.\""
"5223" "\"The Argentina government and President Cristina Fernandez have used the issue of the Falklands — known in Argentina as Las Malvinas — to stir national pride and say they want Britain to hold talks over the sovereignty of the South Atlantic islands. Britain has said the residents of the islands should have the last word. They have overwhelmingly said they want to remain British.\""
"5224" "\"Deputies have identified Jeffrey Thomas Sprenger, 22, a white man, as one of the three suspects and are searching for him. The other suspects are described as black males, age 18-22. The sheriff's office said one was described as 6 feet tall, 170 pounds, wearing a black fleece jacket and jean shorts. The other was around 5', 8\\", 150 to 160 pounds, wearing a dark colored hoodie sweatshirt and blue jeans.\""
"5225" "\"\\"This is a huge drain on city resources,\\" said Joel Rosen, the city's community development director. \\"It does nothing to support the city's goals toward developing our tourist base. It's a negative element in our entertainment and hospitality corridor.\\"\""
"5226" "\"The baby did not appear to be harmed and was transferred to the care of the Oregon Department of Human Services, according to Cory M. Cunningham, of the U.S. Marshal's Service. \""
"5227" "\"The sustainability movement's mantra, \\"people, planet, profit,\\" combines social reform, environmental commitment with long-term economic development -- that is, sustainable development.\""
"5228" "\"Close MacDill Air Force Base. We now move on to some Tampa pork. This air base should have been shut down years ago. It is poorly situated in a dense urban area, next to major civilian airports. But local congressional support and heavy lobbying have kept it open.\""
"5229" "\"\\"This gives them an opportunity to see something different in their neighborhood,\\" said Gregory Holm, a New York-based photographer who grew up in Detroit. \\"It's not saying it's going to change afterward. But it's a gift.\\"\""
"5230" "\"The tester had the most powerful of the four-cylinder engines -- a 240-horsepower, 2-liter, double overhead cam, turbocharged, four cylinder that, like other Ford four-cylinder turbos, carries the name EcoBoost. In fact, Ford's larger SUV, the Edge, uses this 2-liter turbo four cylinder, too.\""
"5231" "\"The parade begins at the fire station and ends at the fire station. If it's tight, fine. If it's long and straggly, that's fine too.\""
"5232" "\"Righeimer argued that the council's hands were tied when the unions got contract extensions before the most recent election.\""
"5233" "\"Most significantly, Intel said it expects stronger growth in the first three months of 2011. The company said it expects first quarter sales of $11.5 billion, compared to the $10.7 billion analysts had been forecasting.\""
"5234" "\"At a sidewalk picnic table, I talked beer with 5Q regulars Zach Christensen and Heidi Leibbrandt, who make their own brew and grow hops at their nearby home. Christensen, who's \\"in telecom,\\" nursed a pint of Lompoc's C-Note pale ale, brewed with seven hops that start with \\"C\\" (Crystal, Cluster, Cascade, Chinook, Centennial, Columbus and Challenger). It rates a chart-topping 100 International Bitterness Units, a measure of hop infusion, which Portland beer geeks bandy about the way wine fans talk about grippy tannins.\""
"5235" "\"With the legal filings mounting and the casino's May opening date looming, it might be too late for the long-neglected building to be part of the revival happening just off Public Square.\""
"5236" "\"* Tamia Roberts, 19, of Sheridan Avenue in Atlantic City, was arrested Sunday and charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance.\""
"5237" "\"\\"I knew when it was happening (last spring),\\" said Niumatalolo earlier this week. \\"He's a major, major part of our program. Not to have him was a huge loss. I don't want to think about that. Yeah, we lost some games, but I'm grateful that Buddy is here.\\"\""
"5238" "\"Anderson is trying to fight back. He's speaking at night before various Villages groups, and he has bought full-page advertising with the headline, \\"Clarifying Misleading Information.\\"\""
"5239" "\"Since it was launched, the aerial campaign has seen nearly 10,000 strike sorties flown by NATO warplanes, taking out key military installations and other Libyan government command centers.\""
"5240" "\"Experts believe the region is home to at least 40 companies that sell vehicle-protection plans, which are often marketed as\""
"5241" "\"saw its shares jump on their opening trade Friday, the company's first day as a public stock.\""
"5242" "\"\\"I think we need to knock on more doors, let them know that we're here for them and pave the way,\\" Solomon said. \\"Instead of waiting for them to come to us, we go to them.\\"\""
"5243" "\"Critics of the plan are now looking for ways around the speaker, though.\""
"5244" "\"But remember, if you forget this password you may be locked out of your own computer until you can find someone to show you how to bypass it.\""
"5245" "\"Their rendezvous at the bar is the first time Peggy and Cat Boy have met, as Peggy's invited him to accompany her to a swanky party she's catering at the Venezuelan Consulate. As first dates go, that sure beats the heck out of meeting for a half-caff latte.\""
"5246" "\"Repeat winners receive a warning.\""
"5247" "\"Once butter is incorporated, remove blender canister and pour sauce into a bowl. Season with salt and cayenne. Serve immediately over prepared asparagus. Makes 8 servings.\""
"5248" "\"Dana Point installed the gates at the Mid-Strand and Central Strand paths in 2009 and passed an emergency ordinance saying that the potential for vandalism, burglary, homeless encampments and illegal partying at the beach constituted a public nuisance. Public access to the paths is restricted to 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. October through April and 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. May through September.\""
"5249" "\"Under the governor's proposed budget for 2011-13, the Oregon University System is expecting to get about $743 million from the state, $222 million less than it had requested. The proposed tuition increases would raise an additional $60 million next year, bringing total tuition revenue to $803.6 million for 2011-12.\""
"5250" "\"The vast majority of victims’ families have never seen Mohammed, aside from a widely disseminated photograph of a disheveled-looking Mohammed in a white T-shirt immediately after his arrest. A small number of them have traveled to Guantanamo and seen him there. Five of them, chosen by lottery, will fly there on Friday to see the arraignment in person.\""
"5251" "\"\\"My friends eat the pizza and the Little Debbie cakes and they're all as thin as rails,\\" he says. \\"It's really hard to walk by that stuff because it looks so good. I just think I want to be healthy, I want to lose weight and I know if I eat those things it's not going to happen.\\"\""
"5252" "\"Orleans Hornets.\""
"5253" "\"\\"I couldn’t even smoke. I would go outside, get warm, and lose the mood.\\"\""
"5254" "\"The Democrats who made political hay of Issa's choice of witnesses were right; surely it says something troubling that the committee didn't bother to find a single woman to testify on its first panel. (There were two on the second.) But it is at least as troubling that there was no one at all — male or female, on either panel — called to testify in support of the Obama administration's proposed mandate.\""
"5255" "\"The agreement announced last week seemed to be a compromise to try to do better, but it was apparently made without Christie’s sign-off. The Republican governor said he first heard of his Education Commissioner Bret Schundler’s compromise after it was publicly announced and insisted the application be reworked.\""
"5256" "\"RE: You have made a conclusion. You are not interested.\""
"5257" "\"Now, for the do-or-die performances.\""
"5258" "\"Taylor Sturms, Lutheran. Sr., 5-8.\""
"5259" "\"The News says that Kevin, Joe and Nick Jonas granted power of attorney to their mother, Denise, to buy the six-bedroom house in the suburb, home to many professional atheletes, including former quarterbacks Drew Bledsoe and Terry Bradshaw and former British Open champion Brian Watts. \\"I didn't even know who the Jonas Brothers were or what kind of music they played,\\" Watts says. \\"But my wife and kids were enthralled.'\\"\""
"5260" "\"With UCF coaches dispersing throughout the region, there will be a lot of ground to cover.\""
"5261" "\"Cone’s debut came on June 8, 1986 in a 5-2 loss to Minnesota at then-Royals Stadium — exactly five years after the Royals drafted him in the third round of the 1981 draft.\""
"5262" "\"Brad Pitt is taking charge of his wedding to Angelina Jolie.\""
"5263" "\"Participants should arrive before 10:30 a.m. with dogs on leashes and in costume; everyone gets a gift bag and raffle entry.\""
"5264" "\"“And then there are the Intel workers, doctors, engineers, people who don’t necessarily engage at the level of prisons. Their resources tend to go to foreign issues or upward mobility. We’ve been doing lots of education in the mosques about the process, the steps and resources needed to integrate people successfully back into society.”\""
"5265" "\"It is, in fact, way too common for high-ranking officials in Florida to suddenly leave their public jobs to work for the very companies their offices regulate.\""
"5266" "\"The Beavers got on the board in the eighth when Michael Conforto sharply singled up the middle bringing in Ryan Gorton and John Tommasini, the latter of whom narrowly beat the throw from center. Conforto, the tying run, was stranded at first on a fly out to left to end the inning.\""
"5267" "\"\\"I found this frozen lake,\\" he told the Las Vegas Review-Journal in 1992, \\"and the ball hits the ice and starts slidin' ... and one and a half, two miles away it was still goin'.\\"\""
"5268" "\"Highest-ranking woman: Aliza Schmitz, senior director of global engagement.\""
"5269" "\"Tonight, despite having nine turnovers in the past three games, Nova will make his fifth consecutive start over sophomore Chas Dodd when the Scarlet Knights (5-3, 2-2 in Big East) meet South Florida (4-3, 0-3) at High Point Solutions Stadium. Coach Greg Schiano’s decision to stay with Nova has been a head-scratcher.\""
"5270" "\"But without regulations in place, it's looking less likely that the state will have legal marijuana sales sometime this summer, as Christie's administration previously said it would.\""
"5271" "\"The lack of 4G means the Verizon iPhone will have much lower data speeds than AT&T's, at least in the areas where AT&T has upgraded its 3G to higher speeds. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel also said international roaming through Verizon will be very limited compared with AT&T.\""
"5272" "\"But Cox said family, friends and searchers are still hopeful and he asked that anyone with information call the Skamania County Sheriff's Office at 509-427-9490.\""
"5273" "\"East 88th Street will close between Bessemer and Union for about 90 days. Drivers can detour via Union at East 79th or East 93rd.\""
"5274" "\"\\"Playing the right way and getting a win,\\" the coach said.\""
"5275" "\"By the way, both Obamas checked the $3 yes box on their joint 2011 tax return. The Romneys checked it on their 2010 forms but have yet to release their 2011 returns.\""
"5276" "\"Annapolis Area Christian 8, Friends 2: Albert Taylor had three hits and the host Eagles (11-1) clinched the top seed in the Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association B Conference playoffs.\""
"5277" "\"According to police, a 2007 Nissan driven by Sanchez was northbound on Plainfield Avenue and collided with a utility pole near Sutton Drive at 2:49 a.m. The Nissan received heavy front end damage in the wreck, police said.\""
"5278" "\"EIGHTH. Three Hundred Yards. Purse $12,400. Claiming price $30,000.\""
"5279" "\"But, like several who came for prayers today, Muhmad said mosque leaders accepted the scrutiny as a sign of the times, however unfortunate.\""
"5280" "\"Cloud and Rowles; Leal, Creason (6) and Larner. Top hitters: LRCloud 2B. UMTow 2x2, 2B; M. Davis 2x3.\""
"5281" "\"Compared to one serving a day of red meat, women who ate one serving a day of other protein-rich foods had a\""
"5282" "\"Denise and Greg Pearson believe that houses, like people, deserve second chances. They recently finished the second and final renovation to their 110-year-old home. They added contemporary touches and 450 square feet while retaining many original features and its overall vintage charm. Denise sums it up: \\"We built a new home inside an old house.\\"\""
"5283" "\"Ganzy started this week by heading Colorado, where he is one of 20 Civil Air Patrol members nationwide taking part in a week of training and tours sponsored by the Air Force Space Command. The program, based at Peterson Air Force Base, includes sessions on various space- and missile-reltaed operations.\""
"5284" "\"With the Broncos' playing days over this season, they are officially in acquisition mode.\""
"5285" "\"--New York Times News Service\""
"5286" "\"\\"We have to make a decision based on our appetite for risk,\\" said Robin Weissman, a board member and the former Pennsylvania state treasurer. \\"The bad-case scenarios for the DRPA will end up hurting everybody, including those we want to protect.\\"\""
"5287" "\"The recent drop in rates is good news for borrowers. Freddie Mac said Thursday that the cost of a home loan has fallen this week to the lowest level on record. The average rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage dropped to 4.69 percent from 4.75 percent last week.\""
"5288" "\"Johnson homered in the third, Zobrist in the fourth and Peña in the fifth to tie the game.\""
"5289" "\"“Pills and Ammo” received high praise from music critics after its release and “it’s still selling well,” Johnny said.\""
"5290" "\"8245 Monroe Av, $18,500\""
"5291" "\"“Is it bad? Yes,” Emanuel said of the gridlock. “But where does the origination of the poison start from?”\""
"5292" "\"If someone's story changes, however, then that person could be veering into Bruce Pearl/Jim Tressel territory. That is Oregon's greatest challenge right now. The athletic department must explain this transaction in a plausible way, and everyone's stories must match.\""
"5293" "\"Lisa Cochrum Personal Best, Courage and Tenacity Scholarship\""
"5294" "\"A 125-year-old farm just outside North Plains gives focus to a new short film by Melissa Rue. \\"Century Farm,\\" premieres Sunday as part of \\"Certifiably Yours: New Films From the School of Film.\\"\""
"5295" "\"Randy's son, Gary, said his father was a social animal, a gifted gabber who could light up a room.\""
"5296" "\"The hourly cap on flights for Newark Liberty International Airport is 83, but the DOT’s analysis shows that in bad weather, the airport can actually handle about 66 flights an hour. So, when rain or snow hits, more flights are scheduled than the airport can handle, making delays a virtual certainty. The cap for John F. Kennedy International Airport is 83 flights per hour, compared with a capacity of 67 in bad weather, while LaGuardia Airport is capped at 81 flights against a capacity of 74.\""
"5297" "\"Make a night of it: Enjoy German food in the Rathskeller, or beer and music in the outdoor biergarten (both in the lower level of the Athenaeum).\""
"5298" "\"\\"I can't think of a specific question but I guess it's when people haven't done their homework,\\" she said. \\"And when they're asking you very obvious things.\\"\""
"5299" "\"Peck testified before the House Transportation Committee on the second day of hearings into excessive spending at the agency's Las Vegas conference in October 2010 and on other travel.\""
"5300" "\"James recently took Wesley's advice and severed his ties with agent Aaron Goodwin. Wesley is an associate and friend of Philadelphia-based agent Leon Rose. He's also close with Pistons coach Larry Brown and has been linked to Cavaliers owners Dan Gilbert and David Katzman.\""
"5301" "\"Prepare for fresh-fried tortilla chips -- chips so hot that the air shimmers above them. And for billows of creamy guacamole, tinged with smoked trout and bacon -- and a wide variety of other flavors. Margaritas come in flights here, often with freshly made syrups. And don't miss what chef Eric Williams can do with adobo seasoning on lamb chops or with a nut crust on trout. They are all good things and perfectly good reasons Williams is earning national attention, not to mention a devoted following.\""
"5302" "\"The first controlled prairie fires of the season began last week. The Tallgrass Prairie National Preserve in Chase County, 15 miles west of Emporia, will be the location of more controlled burns through the middle of this month. The blazes represent a facsimile of the fires that transfixed 19th-century travelers through the Plains.\""
"5303" "\"Toews name was up on the Coyotes dry erase board listing what they felt was the Hawks' probable lineup, listed between Marian Hossa on his right and Patrick Kane on the left.\""
"5304" "\"Skip Birdsong made three trips to state as a Granite City soccer player. After placing third in 1988, the Warriors, under the direction of the legendary Gene Baker, captured the state championship in 1989 and 1990.\""
"5305" "\"\\"There's no way around it; you've got to go to a health care provider -- like visiting a doctor's office, or a clinic -- to find out if you have an STD and to get treated,\\" Dr. Debbie Birnkrant, a former health clinic doctor who now oversees antiviral drugs at the FDA, said in a video on the FDA website.\""
"5306" "\"Supplemental ballot questions: None\""
"5307" "\"The time their freshman year when then-captain C.J. Lee spent two hours talking to them outside Mary Markley dormitory, because he wanted to make them feel comfortable, when he saw two-decade equipment manager Bob Bland get emotional about the NCAA Tournament berth in 2009, and the final moment after the career-ending loss to Ohio University, when Beileins wife Kathleen, helped him make peace with the end.\""
"5308" "\"Rep. Scott Dieckhaus, R-Washington, made a last-ditch attempt this week to cobble together a compromise bill - one that would offer concessions to suburban school districts as well as school choice advocates.\""
"5309" "\"Don't fear fat. For healthy brain development, include unsaturated fats (avocados or thin spreads of nut butters, if approved by your pediatrician) and some saturated fats (full-fat cheeses are best before age 2). Avoid trans fats in processed goods.\""
"5310" "\"Here's what they have agreed to do, pending legislative\""
"5311" "\"Since World War II, Columbus has shrewdly used water as a weapon, demanding annexation as a condition for access to its water system. That policy helps explain why Columbus has grown from having fewer residents than Cleveland in 1980 to twice as many today.\""
"5312" "\"Song of the Year: \\"All of the Lights,\\" Jeff Bhasker, Malik Jones, Warren Trotter and Kanye West, songwriters (performed by Kanye West, Rihanna, Kid Cudi and Fergie); \\"The Cave,\\" Ted Dwane, Ben Lovett, Marcus Mumford and Country Winston, songwriters (Mumford & Sons); \\"Grenade,\\" Brody Brown, Claude Kelly, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Bruno Mars and Andrew Wyatt, songwriters (Bruno Mars); \\"Holocene,\\" Justin Vernon, songwriter (Bon Iver); \\"Rolling in the Deep,\\" Adele Adkins & Paul Epworth, songwriters (Adele).\""
"5313" "\"25. TCU\""
"5314" "\"3609 Cambridge Av, $125,500\""
"5315" "\"On Twitter Wednesday morning Smith, immediately after asking for recommendations for someone who can refinish wood floors at a good price, said the idea of Washington made him \\"feel important haha.\\"\""
"5316" "\"In the years that followed, Vatra became more of a social organization.\""
"5317" "\"Like other young men, he also has his dreams.\""
"5318" "\"If your filling recipe calls for a pre-baked shell, line the pastry with a piece of aluminum foil, shiny-side down. Fill with dried beans, rice or pie weights. Bake in a preheated 425 oven for 15 minutes; remove the foil and beans. Return the pie shell to the oven and bake 10-15 minutes longer, rotating the pan a couple of times, until evenly browned.\""
"5319" "\"ø\\"I don't know that there are two or three more respected individuals in all of amateur sport,\\" Dannen said. \\"When the NCAA reorganized, he was the first chair of that management council, which speaks to how he is perceived nationally.\""
"5320" "\"His appeal argued that under the Fair Sentencing Act, he deserved a much lower sentence.\""
"5321" "\"\\"He believes there needs to be strict rules that leave little room for interpretation,\\" Twist said.\""
"5322" "\"Hours: 7 a.m.-7 p.m. daily\""
"5323" "\"The plan was meant as a pilot project to fine-tune the audit process before the Nov. 2 general election, when an audit will be required. A legal settlement reached last year -- stemming from a suit the League of Women Voters filed in 2005 against the Secretary of State's office -- mandates audits after all statewide general elections.\""
"5324" "\"\\"The biggest problem I have is the fact they want to be allowed to grow (outside) in residential neighborhoods,\\" said Lake County Supervisor Rob Brown. Many cities prohibit outdoor marijuana growing because it attracts theft and the smell can be powerful, even sickening to some people.\""
"5325" "\"Last week's featured pet, an Australian cattle dog named Emma, is still available for adoption from the Humane Society of Missouri's Westport Area location.\""
"5326" "\"\\"This is an act of civil disobedience. The government is acting in immoral fashion (by allowing the hunt) and we have an obligation to disobey,\\" Crain told a group of media members as he was being handcuffed.\""
"5327" "\"IMAX Filmed Entertainment chief Greg Foster also seemed to endorse a relaxation of standards. He noted that his 17-year-old son \\"constantly has his phone with him,\\" adding that \\"we want (youths) to pay $12 to $14 to come into an auditorium and watch a movie. But they've become accustomed to controlling their existence.\\" A cellphone ban might make them \\"feel a little handcuffed.\\"\""
"5328" "\"Leonard Bielory, a professor in the Department of Environmental Science at Rutgers, said pollen counts in February were about 10 times higher than is typical. The rain can wash away those concerns.\""
"5329" "\"The most significant injury was to redshirt sophomore WR Timothy Wright. Wright, after a terrific spring was expected to claim the starting receiver spot opposite of Mohamed Sanu. Wright was lost for the season with an ankle injury before hitting even started. The injury left the position wide open for a sleuth of young players.\""
"5330" "\"\\"Hello, congressman,\\" a couple of patrons said softly, while others returned his smile or lifted a hand in greeting.\""
"5331" "\"Judge De Vesa also ordered Trott to pay $7,914 in restitution to the woman he injured during the escape attempt to cover he medical bills and insurance for her car.\""
"5332" "\"Vitaly: Fennel pollen, piment d'Espellette and persillade (parsley and garlic chopped together)\""
"5333" "\"World stock markets mostly fell Monday on Japan's second-quarter figures. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 stock index fell 0.6 percent, hovering close to a 13-month low. In Europe, the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.6 percent while France's CAC-40 fell 1 percent. Germany's DAX, however, was up 0.1 percent. Wall Street was expected to drop at the open.\""
"5334" "\"What did happen was that Dwiggins tossed the ball aside and, as the referee would later rule, Eaton played the advantage and fired the ball into the back of the Eagles net for the golden goal victory with 6 minutes, 2 seconds left in the second OT.\""
"5335" "\"He told The Sun: ''The rumors are not true. They are absolutely not true.''\""
"5336" "\"2009 college graduate\""
"5337" "\"Celebrity watchers have sighted Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury) around town in addition to Hemsworth and Evans. Scarlett Johansson (The Black Widow) is expected in town sometime next week as is Jeremy Renner (Hawkeye). No word on when people can expect to see Mark Ruffalo (Bruce Banner, The Hulk) or if Robert Downey Jr. even needs to come to Cleveland.\""
"5338" "\"The translation: You hear much better sound from the Boost's pair of 2-watt speakers than from the speaker built into most handheld devices. Filling a room with sound would be a stretch, but having a speaker like this for my desk does rock.\""
"5339" "\"“We have something to prove,” Oregon State linebacker Tony Wilson said.\""
"5340" "\"\\"It's time to get the job done,\\" Vikings Vice President Lester Bagley said a few minutes later to the cheers of the fans.\""
"5341" "\"400 Beale Street #908, $420,000, 03-16-12, 694 SF,\""
"5342" "\"The number of suicides among people serving in the armed forces has jumped more than 25 percent since 2005, according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The military averages one suicide every 36 hours, and last year alone 454 service members killed themselves in combat zones.\""
"5343" "\"Absolutely. This will protect you from people who want you to invest in their business scheme or those who need cash in an emergency. Lottery winners are besieged by dozens of people and charities looking for help. “There are people who do that for a living. Unless you understand that, you can become a victim very quickly,” says Steve Thornton, an attorney in Bowling Green, Ky., who has represented two jackpot winners.\""
"5344" "\"Prices: $$$ Expensive (most entrees $18-$24)\""
"5345" "\"Authorities said Williams and Jordan heard Rodriques had a stash of cash in his home and decided to take it.\""
"5346" "\"\\"I think my guys deserve to go,\\" Bochy said.\""
"5347" "\"Meanwhile, the reasons behind Jacks' resignation are still unclear.\""
"5348" "\"\\"There was no explanation for it,’’ he said. \\"It was a little scary.’’\""
"5349" "\"Del Monte Fresh Produce issued a recall notice on Tuesday, saying it was pulling its cantaloupes from Costco stores in Oregon, Alaska, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana and Washington.\""
"5350" "\"8. New York Red Bulls 4-3-1 (8)\""
"5351" "\"News reports Monday afternoon said Standard & Poor's will put all nations that use the euro on \\"creditwatch negative,\\" meaning there is a 50-50 chance of a downgrade in the coming months. S&P had warned of possible rating demotions for many of the countries. But the inclusion on the list of Germany, Europe's strongest economy, came as a surprise.\""
"5352" "\"About 60 politicians backed students seeking admission to the Urbana-Champaign campus in 2008 and 2009, according to records kept by the university's governmental relations office, which tracked the inquiries from lawmakers and other politically connected individuals. U. of I. trustees and donors also tried to help applicants.\""
"5353" "\"No 5% (19%)\""
"5354" "\"Chamberlain set records as a great low-post scorer that will last forever, while also embracing a playing style that was far ahead of his time. It was a remarkable trick, and one unlikely ever to be repeated.\""
"5355" "\"Watch out, Jay Leno: For the first time in 13 years, Conan O'Brien will be sitting down for a chat with David Letterman.\""
"5356" "\"\\"If they're pressuring hard, you're going to have to make quicker plays, make quicker reads and give better support,\\" McDonald said. \\"At the same time, that can be a weakness, but we have to be prepared for them. It's going to be a lot different than last series. and we have to be ready for it. \\"\""
"5357" "\"There is nothing new or unique about what Gregg Williams said. Although the NFL has now punished Williams and the Saints, for almost its entire history, the NFL glorified violent hits, said the complaint. It encouraged its players to think of themselves as gladiators. But along the way, the NFL failed to educate its players about the consequences of such a win-at-all costs mentality.\""
"5358" "\"In 2008, Summers was named to the Ohio State Bar Association's Fellows Class, a professional honor for Ohio lawyers with a mission to promote public understanding of the law and work toward improvements in the justice system.\""
"5359" "\"Barry and Colette Dejonge, of Tualatin, turned out and borrowed fishing gear to share with their children something they did long ago.\""
"5360" "\"Houston, she said, \\"made us feel strong and capable and loved. She’s an angel to us. And just been a beautiful human being.\\"\""
"5361" "\"And, while much of the country is getting older, Ohio is doing so at a faster pace.\""
"5362" "\"E. coli is well known as a cause of diarrheal illness, but the bacteria's foodborne link to urinary tract infections should not be underestimated, they note.\""
"5363" "\"“It was a tough job when I took it on a lot of fronts,” Dickerson recalled recently. \\"Three years before that there was some talk within the university of going Division III. On the heels of that, there was a lot of skepticism about Tulane basketball and Tulane athletics. Then Katrina hits, which made it an almost impossible job.”\""
"5364" "\"\\"My views on Prop. 29 are no different than many others — including those in the medical profession — who have read the initiative and have come to the same conclusions that the measure is flawed,\\" she said.\""
"5365" "\"On the positive side, the mail agency reported that employee productivity is at record levels, while shipping services such as express and priority mail had a 13 percent increase in income to $3.5 billion. Package volume continues to be roughly double that of FedEx and UPS, said Joe Corbett, the Postal Service's chief financial officer.\""
"5366" "\"You improved your home. The tax benefits of making certain energy-efficient home improvements aren't as good as they once were, but taxpayers who ascribe to the philosophy that every little bit helps should dig out their receipts.\""
"5367" "\"Recology Oregon will then sort the food scrap and compost bins, and deliver them to another subsidiary, Nature's Needs in North Plains.\""
"5368" "\"The Obama campaign has been amassing money and information and building a national organization for two years without the distraction of a primary race. At the end of March, Obama's team reported contributions totaling nearly $197 million. The Romney campaign reported contributions of more than $87 million. Mr. Romney, of course, has been forced to spend heavily to fend off rival after rival, and President Obama currently has 10 times the amount of cash on hand. Still, according to Bloomberg News, that advantage slips to a less impressive two-to-one when money raised by the Romney super PAC and other independent Republican groups is taken into account. Ultimately, the total expenditures to elect Mr. Romney could match what is spent to keep Mr. Obama in the White House.\""
"5369" "\"In the public areas, five restaurants have been redesigned, a children's pool has been added, and a fitness center, with views of the Pacific, is now open. In June, a 17,500-square-foot spa is scheduled to open.\""
"5370" "\"It also can create a school culture where skipping class is the norm.\""
"5371" "\"In addition, Paul Matey, currently senior counsel, will replace O’Dowd as deputy chief counsel.\""
"5372" "\"Keeping with the history theme, take a 30-minute ferry to Fort Sumter, where confederates opened fired on the Federal fort in 1861, launching the Civil War. General tickets are $16. Details: www.spiritlinecruises.com; 800-789-3678.\""
"5373" "\"But that's OK, because in my haste to avoid consuming more teriyaki, I chose to go with the wild mushroom fried rice with black truffle oil instead. It's a fairly large bowl, where fluffy mounds of grain waft puffs of earthy truffle perfume. Again, at $16, with nary a shaving of real black truffle in sight, there is very little value to be had unless you are served a wheelbarrow of the stuff.\""
"5374" "\"METS (9-8)\""
"5375" "\"The retailer \\"wants to discover great talent and produce programming that audiences will love,\\" Roy Price, director of Amazon Studios, told the Wall Street Journal.\""
"5376" "\"After weatherization was done, it was not always properly inspected by Community Affairs monitors, the audit said.\""
"5377" "\"The privately owned tour bus was traveling in the southbound truck lanes of the Turnpike when it went off the left side of the road onto the grassy median before striking a concrete overpass support, according to State Police Sgt. Brian Polite.\""
"5378" "\"This sweet little sentimental song felt like we were hearing Javier for the first time, back in blind auditions last season. He’s still tender, smooth and soulful, and the song was fresh and subdued at the same time.\""
"5379" "\"\\"The gang lines, kids moving one place to another, it’s always an issue in Newark,\\" he said. \\"I’m sure that they thought this through downtown. The question is have they thought this through in the neighborhoods.\\"\""
"5380" "\"There are so many cars and camera trucks that the Cavs have to have interns pick up media members on golf carts and drive them to the building because of the shortage of parking. There are eight different booths set up for players to have pictures taken and to record videos for the scoreboard at The Q and other promotional projects.\""
"5381" "\"Bob Schoelkopf, co-director of the Marine Mammal Stranding Center, said he was concerned about the latest group.\""
"5382" "\"3:31 p.m., via LaMarcus Aldridge: So I was sitting in my room a couple hours before the draft by myself just praying and thanking god for the opportunity.\""
"5383" "\"FOURTH.6½ Furlongs. Purse $60,000. 'Alphabet Kisses Stakes'. Fillies and Mares. 3 year olds and up.\""
"5384" "\"Rays 4, Tigers 2 - Ben Zobrist hit a tiebreaking two-run single in the ninth as visiting Tampa Bay scored four runs in its final at-bat.\""
"5385" "\"She and other like-minded Democratic legislators have run into trouble. Lobbyists for the banking and mortgage industries say that key elements invite lawsuits while other parts are so onerous that new lending will dry up. Push too hard and the loan money needed to revive the state's housing industry will vanish, this side argues.\""
"5386" "\"Brecksville plays Twinsburg on Monday at Hudson in a game that will feature two of the state's best teams.\""
"5387" "\"After being contacted by Road Rant, ODOT's sign folks reviewed the setup and determined that it's a sign short of ideal. Officials said an airport marker -- one of those little add-on signs featuring the image of an airplane -- will be attached onto the I-480 west sign located at the split to point Hopkins traffic in the right direction.\""
"5388" "\"Meanwhile, she and other protesters -- Nancy McGrath from Akron and Bob Kloos from Cleveland Heights -- organized a group called Endangered Catholics, exhorting parishioners of closed churches to join a bigger fight. McGrath later founded another protest group, Code Purple.\""
"5389" "\"Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., agreed in a written statement, saying a shorter-term extension was unacceptable.\""
"5390" "\"NORWESCAP Child & Family Resource Services will be offering an accelerated Child Development Associate course starting March 20.\""
"5391" "\"Michael Nason, a former aide to Robert H. Schuller, said the latest developments — including the sale of the church and the dismantling of the Hour of Power leadership -- signify “the end of an era” and leaves no clear direction for the once-popular television show.\""
"5392" "\"1/4 teaspoon olive oil\""
"5393" "\"\\"People couldn’t put the gun in his hand, so obviously, we couldn’t convict him of murder,\\" she said. \\"We would have needed just a little bit more conclusive evidence one way or another. We were that close. Just a little bit more evidence, and we would have been there.\\"\""
"5394" "\"Here are some places where you can still see and hear Dick Clark:\""
"5395" "\"What to know: This festival also has been around for 30 years, and has 160 exhibitors. It's a chance to visit the western suburb with its neighborhoods of handsome homes, and to support a festival that offers a scholarship to a student seeking a fine-arts degree. Look for listening as well as viewing entertainment. Hours are 10 a.m.-6 p.m.\""
"5396" "\"Audenried and nearby Vare Middle School will go to Universal Cos. Inc., the nonprofit run by music impresario Kenny Gamble. Though six other schools will also be handed over to three charter providers, their neighborhood communities got a say in who runs them.\""
"5397" "\"4622 Misty Leaf Ln, $150,000\""
"5398" "\"Details: Thursday, April 12, through Saturday, May 26. Broadway Palm Dinner Theatre, 5247 E. Brown Road, Mesa. 480-325-6700, broadwaypalmwest.com.\""
"5399" "\"Travis Beckum? Okay, we’ll give him that one.\""
"5400" "\"The discrepancy between fewer jobs and flat joblessness may be the result of people dropping out of the workforce or enrolling in school, or it may derive from flaws in the way seasonal factors are calculated.\""
"5401" "\"The Cyber Monday tag was created in 2005 by Shop.org, the online shopping arm of the National Retail Federation trade group, to describe the unofficial kickoff to the online shopping season.\""
"5402" "\"Prosecutors say Ferris Kleem gave Dimora gifts for years, including cash, a trip to Las Vegas and a refrigerator, according to court documents. Kleem has pleaded guilty and is expected to testify in Dimora's trial.\""
"5403" "\"Wearing her best clothes, Mae Yanagi was 7 when she waited with her family for the bus that would transport them from Hayward to San Bruno's Tanforan Racetrack, where they would live several months in a horse stall before being sent into permanent detention (third photo). Her mother gave birth to a son at Tanforan.\""
"5404" "\"The Advanced Placement tests are coming up, and high school students across the county are studying for their chance to earn some college credit.\""
"5405" "\"But does Mitt Romney have the right mix of moxie and message to stir the nation into changing presidents this November?\""
"5406" "\"øIs Pandora a stock that belongs in your portfolio or is it a one-day wonder? Typically, investors run stocks they're considering through a variety of tests. Ask Matt columns hat evaluate individual stocks, such as one on Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, consider each stock's risk and reward, price-to-earnings valuation, discounted cash flow and financial stability. Many of these tests, though, are not available with Pandora since it's such a young and newly public company.\""
"5407" "\"As the name suggests, Capriles Radonski’s maternal grandparents are Jewish. He has often spoken emotionally of his mother’s family’s escape from Poland during the Holocaust. But he’s Catholic and sports a wooden cross around his neck.\""
"5408" "\"I attended as part of a story about Portland resident Debi Coleman who is one of the \\"Leap\\" co-producers. Coleman, a former hi-tech executive, has provided monetary support for years to theatrical programs and artists as general executive manager of Rainy Day Productions. \\"Leap\\" marks her first foray into the world of Broadway.\""
"5409" "\"7. (Fiorello) LaGuardia\""
"5410" "\"Daily: 836 Win 4: 8293\""
"5411" "\"NFLdraftscout.com writes, \\"While Claiborne came to Baton Rouge as a receiver, he's leaving as a lockdown cornerback worthy of a top-10 pick. There is no finesse in his game and his physical tools -- height, long arms, natural flexibility and lateral movement -- plus bump-and-run experience will expedite his ascension to Pro Bowl-level starter as his body matures.\\"\""
"5412" "\"Tweeting frenzy\""
"5413" "\"There's also a recovery week, seven days of yoga and therapeutic exercise meant for insertion into the calendar as needed. Worth noting, too, is this program's generally lighter workload. Instead of one day of rest per week, here you get two.\""
"5414" "\"(Reporting by John D. Stoll in Detroit; Editing by Leslie Gevirtz)\""
"5415" "\"The play is specifically addressed in the Official Baseball Rules under Rule 8.05 (c), which states: \\"It is possible, with runners on first and third, for the pitcher to step toward third and not throw, merely to bluff the runner back to third; then seeing the runner on first start for second, turn and step toward and throw to first base. This is legal.\\"\""
"5416" "\"If Oliver decides to run for speaker again, it may be difficult to beat her despite grumbling about her leadership. For starters, insiders said there’s no consensus on a replacement.\""
"5417" "\"But for the same governor? Generally speaking, unfathomable.\""
"5418" "\"32806 Kathleen Dr., $215,000\""
"5419" "\"Waste Management's expansion into organic fertilizers is part of a broader organic recycling strategy that includes producing methane gas from its landfills to power vehicles, heat homes and generate electricity.\""
"5420" "\"3 p.m. Washington at N.Y. Rangers, WKYC\""
"5421" "\"Lakeridge (5-4 overall, 1-4), the fifth-place team from the Three Rivers League, however, will be without star quarterback Tommy Knecht, who broke his hand Oct. 21. Freshman Eric Dungey stepped in at quarterback in Lakeridge’s 41-0 loss last week against Canby and will likely get the start again tonight.\""
"5422" "\"Belleville East, which will also play in the Pitchford tourney, had a solid performance in doubles on Friday. In the No. 2 flight, Lucas Birk and Josh Radil took third place. Ty Skaer and Scott Spitze finished fifth at No. 1 doubles while Aaron Skaer and Christian Hamilton placed fifth at No. 3.\""
"5423" "\"Charlotte finished 7-59 for the worst winning percentage in league history (.106).\""
"5424" "\"She says she loves doing \\"Raising Hope.\\" \\"I never do not enjoy things. I make it fun. If it isn't, I make it so. You have to.\\"\""
"5425" "\"Mortgage rates track the yield on 10-year Treasury note. The yield rose this week after investors, encouraged by central banks' joint effort to ease lending standards, shifted their money into stocks. Treasury yields rise when buying activity decreases.\""
"5426" "\"Meanwhile, melt the butter and blend with flour until smooth. Add to the reduced liquid, whisking constantly until blended, then add the cream and simmer for 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with the turkey.\""
"5427" "\"As much as Knight gets blasted for his passionate involvement and relationship with the Ducks, that booster-team love affair ends up the most valuable and fascinating partnership in American sports.\""
"5428" "\"But, she allowed, \\"I am not happy that my clerk was placed in a position where there is the appearance that she was exercising discretion.\\"\""
"5429" "\"Cook indicated the board is nearing a decision during a question-and-answer session Thursday at Apple's annual shareholders' meeting. After acknowledging Apple Inc. doesn't need to hold on to so much cash, he said the board is thinking \\"very deeply\\" about how to spend the money.\""
"5430" "\"\\"I'm glad she took the time to meet me,\\" Shirley Williams said.\""
"5431" "\"LaMarcus Aldridge, who is from Dallas, said he is happy to be returning home, but not thankful of meeting a team loaded with All-Star Dirk Nowitzki, super sub Jason Terry and future Hall of Famer Jason Kidd.\""
"5432" "\"“The sad part is we’ve invested so much in the California standards, but there are just too many of them,” Habermehl. “It’s a drawback to making the learning fun. The new tests are much more integrated, bigger-thinking questions – not just finding the right answer, but what you are going to do with it.”\""
"5433" "\"\\"We all want a place where we can feel at home,\\" said Clarence, who wants more uniformed officers on the street to deal with open drug sales and other problems. He added, \\"As a community, we need to address and deal with problems that perpetuate the problem, like substance abuse . . . and job training.\\"\""
"5434" "\"That's when people started discussing other options. Should they call the police? Should they subdue the man on their own? Opinions were divided. \\"We do everything by consensus in here, and consensus is a difficult process,\\" Hughes said. \\"But eventually people talked and came to an agreement that we were going to kick him out.\\"\""
"5435" "\"2 cups panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)\""
"5436" "\"NEW YORK -- The bank used most by Bernard Madoff was \\"willfully blind\\" and \\"thoroughly complicit\\" in the disgraced financier's epic fraud, lawyers working for a court-appointed trustee alleged Thursday.\""
"5437" "\"The largest development proposal, in an area known as Fagan Canyon, was rejected by voters, but hundreds of those proposed homes are on track for construction in coming years.\""
"5438" "\"Hillestad tried to get a refund. He called Barclay Bank, which operated the ATM and he visited his bank in Nebraska. But the banks did nothing to help. His bank referred the matter to Barclay, and Barclay referred the matter back to his bank. By the time he contacted me, almost two months had passed without any sign of his money.\""
"5439" "\"Back-story: After Club Fantasy closed in 1990, The Paradox became a mecca for dance music in Baltimore. Alongside Club Choices, it played a fundamental role in the evolution of B-more club music over the '90s, becoming a platform to many of the voices — K-Swift, Rod Lee, and later DJ Class — that came to define the genre, as well as Baltimore-bred house divas like Ultra Nate. In January, it closed for five weeks for a renovation.\""
"5440" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Federal officials used Northeast Ohio's success in implementing electronic health records as a platform Wednesday to argue that America's hospitals and doctors need to act faster to adopt the technology.\""
"5441" "\"A League of Municipalities survey released in December found that towns are increasingly turning to user fees on such amenities as parking and recreation to raise revenue.\""
"5442" "\"The first Saturday of every month, the museum holds Living History Flying Days, during which experts talk about a featured aircraft before it takes to the sky for a 20-minute demonstration. Past themes have included World War I aviation, experimental aircraft and airplanes in the movies. An annual air show is held in May to spotlight many of the museum's rare aircraft.\""
"5443" "\"\\"I'm not suggesting this will be easy,\\" Obama added.\""
"5444" "\"Time: 9 a.m.\""
"5445" "\"Last summer, comments from frustrated vendors poured into the FDA, the agency tasked with implementing the new regulations. A handful said it would push them out of business. Others urged the agency to require manufacturers to print calorie counts on the front of packages that would be visible through machines' glass windows. Some of the nation's biggest brands also weighed in on the conversation, from Starbucks to Kraft Foods, which both make products sold in vending machines.\""
"5446" "\"Injuries: Dallas guard Rodrigue Beaubois (broken left foot) is out. The Blazers are without center Greg Oden (left knee) and guard Elliot Williams (double knee surgery).\""
"5447" "\"People might think \\"just in case, let me get my money out of the bank,\\" he said. \\"And if enough people think that way, then you're sunk.\\"\""
"5448" "\"Soldiers and Sailors Monument. 3 Public Square (Southeast Quadrant), Cleveland. 216-621-3710. 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday-Saturday. Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's Day. . Free. Open for tours. Noon-5 p.m. Sunday.\""
"5449" "\"Mobile speed cameras on Polk Countys high-traveled, unincorporated roads got a green light Tuesday, the same day state lawmakers shot down an effort to ban the cameras in Iowa.\""
"5450" "\"CHERRY HILL — A Cherry Hill father has taken to the web to combat abusive behavior he says teachers displayed toward his autistic son.\""
"5451" "\"Erica Terry Derryck, a spokeswoman for the San Francisco district attorney's office, said the office has been complying with the request and had already handed over more than 100 pages of documents. She said the remaining documents have not been released because it is taking time to identify everything in the \\"voluminous\\" request.\""
"5452" "\"2009-10: 6,083\""
"5453" "\"\\"That was basically my only accomplishment in college,\\" he said.\""
"5454" "\"LeShoure started the game with runs of 32 and 30 yards on the first two plays and scored on the third. He later went for 70 and\""
"5455" "\"\\"I still feel it,\\" Smith said, after he scored 18 points that couldn't have been predicted unless you spied on the shootaround. If you had been there, you would have hoped it implied an even bigger evening than the 15 he scored on Cincinnati in the East semifinals Thursday.\""
"5456" "\"\\"It'll be easy to drink in the summertime,: said Pat McGauley, A-B's vice president of innovation. \\"It fits well under the Michelob Ultra nameplate.\\"\""
"5457" "\"Overall: The 2.4-liter is tons of fun; base 2-liter and the hybrid are unimpressive, at best.\""
"5458" "\"The Impala also will come with an eight-inch touch screen infotainment system, a standard 4.2-inch display on the instrument cluster, 10 standard airbags and optional features such as adaptive cruise control and collision mitigating braking.\""
"5459" "\"SpaceX makes its Dragon capsule and 18-story Falcon 9 rocket at a sprawling facility in Hawthorne that once housed assembly on fuselage sections for Boeing Co.'s 747 jumbo jet. The hardware is put on a big rig and sent to Cape Canaveral for launches.\""
"5460" "\"Public health experts are concerned that the benefits of trauma care are not equally available to all.\""
"5461" "\"OK, maybe that's a little cliché.\""
"5462" "\"Leaders do not shy away from moments to lead.\""
"5463" "\"American Honda sales leader John Mendel said the worst appears to be over.\""
"5464" "\"Recent fare analysis by the Airlines Reporting Corp. seems to challenge the conventional wisdom that the earlier you book, the less expensive your fare will be. In January, the corporation, which processes airline ticket transactions, reported that over the past four years passengers paid the lowest price for domestic flights when buying just about six weeks in advance.\""
"5465" "\"\\"The university continues to work with the NCAA as they investigate matters involving our football program, and we will continue to do so until the conclusion of the investigation,\\" Lynch said. \\"We are unable to comment on specific players' situations because of federal law.\\"\""
"5466" "\"It didn't help that after competing in Dubai with just two days to adjust to the time zone and culture, the U.S. divers didn't hop on the eight-hour nonstop to Beijing. Instead they flew back to Washington, D.C., then to San Francisco, then crossed the Pacific to China – 32 hours, not counting layovers.\""
"5467" "\"1859: The roots of New York Community Bank trace back 150 years to when it was chartered in the New York City burough of Queens.\""
"5468" "\"The KBW Bank Index, which tracks 24 of the nation's largest banks, rose 8.5 percent.\""
"5469" "\"Amassing large campaign war chests for non-elections has become a tradition in Los Angeles County government.\""
"5470" "\"Armadillos, badgers, great-horned owls, hog-nosed skunks, javelina, pronghorn antelope, porcupines, great blue herons, ruddy ducks, snapping turtles, turkey vultures, long-tailed weasels, marmots, mourning doves, red-tailed hawks, sandhill cranes and ringtails.\""
"5471" "\"Now we're on North Albina Street, for another \\"Portlandia\\" signature -- a customer who can't get service. A guy calls the DMV about getting a replacement title, and days pass as he waits on the phone, while DMV workers (Brownstein and Armisen) noodle around on instruments. Finally, the guy gets a letter in the mail -- not helping him with his request, but including a CD by the DMV workers. Having fun at the expense of long DMV waits is certainly universal, and a time-honored comedy tradition, but it doesn't seem particularly unique to the \\"Portlandia\\" world.\""
"5472" "\"Evan Camp's frustration had built up to the point where he couldn't shed it even by feverishly cleaning his house.\""
"5473" "\"Here's how he phrased this thought process:\""
"5474" "\"Upon further review, the Tigers still lost to Texas, 3-2, in 11 innings Sunday, it was still a bad call, and the debate about the need for instant replay will continue.\""
"5475" "\"'Who Do You Think You Are?'\""
"5476" "\"Likewise, Blaszczyk told the Tribune he has \\"moved on.\\"\""
"5477" "\"Troy Tulowitzki was 1-for-4 but had left five runners on base.\""
"5478" "\"Brown contacted Wallace, a childhood friend, who agreed to do the job for cash, officials said. St. Louis police caught wind of the plans, however, and moved the witness from his home.\""
"5479" "\"Ehret said many toll takers have applied for jobs with the potential bidders in case toll collections are privatized, and she had officially introduced herself to the companies.\""
"5480" "\"A tomb for some of the 1,500 men, women and children who died with the ship, a symbol of a grand, lost world to others, Titanic remains above all an enduring icon, a symbol of the limits of human genius against the raw force of nature.\""
"5481" "\"The takeover bid from Coty Inc.—the maker of perfumes under fashion-house and celebrity names such as Calvin Klein, Beyoncé and Madonna—was immediately rejected by Avon, which called it uncertain, stingy and opportunistic.\""
"5482" "\"\\"It's important for forwards to hit the ground running and score goals. We know that,\\" Spencer said. \\"If we weren't getting any chances, then I would be concerned. But we're getting chances. Every forward goes through this.\\"\""
"5483" "\"The report said the second plane, a Cessna, was within three-quarters of a mile laterally and 100 feet vertically of the Bombardier jet but was not considered on a collision course. The Bombardier pilot did not see the Cessna, which was was not in communication with air traffic control at the time, according to the report.\""
"5484" "\"“Somerdale Mayor Gary Passanante deserves all the credit for leading the charge on this project and working it through to completion over a number of years,” the freeholder said. “But this is also a great example of team work between Somerdale and the County, which helped with the affordable housing piece, and with private industry, which paid for most of the $40 million project.”\""
"5485" "\"The company's flagship project is the massive 392-megawatt Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System currently under construction on federal land in California's Mojave Desert. When completed in 2013, Ivanpah will be the largest solar thermal power plant in the world, generating enough electricity for about 140,000 homes. The electricity will be sold to PG&E and Southern California Edison.\""
"5486" "\"Coach Pat Shurmur said he has not decided whether rookie Jason Pinkston will make the start at left guard. He said newly acquired Artie Hicks and John Greco are also working there.\""
"5487" "\"Jump up again, this time landing with your feet inside the circle where you started. Repeat!\""
"5488" "\"Will they simply break down and get married?\""
"5489" "\"The 25-year-old actress was seen getting cozy with her ex-girlfriend - who she dated for two years from 2007 to 2009 before briefly getting back together last year - at New York nightclub Le Baron earlier this week, and reportedly ''couldn't get enough of each other'' while partying the night away.\""
"5490" "\"Kim was not eligible for the Masters. He is not exempt for the U.S. Open. Tuesday was the first time he hit balls since he withdrew from the Texas Open. After one swing, he clutched his right elbow. There was a duck-hook with the driver, another shot that resembled a shank. The other shots were mostly good, though Kim said he still feels a jolt in his elbow even after hitting wedges.\""
"5491" "\"Police said Kinnard shot and killed Santauri Dixon, 29, about 10 p.m. on Oct. 22 outside an apartment building in the 1300 block of Sharondale Circle. Police said Dixon was shot in the face and pronounced dead at Christian Hospital in north St. Louis County.\""
"5492" "\"Besides the former National League MVP, 10 people were convicted of various charges. Six of them, including track star Marion Jones, were ensnared for lying to grand jurors, federal investigators or the court. Others, including Bonds’ personal trainer Greg Anderson, pleaded guilty to steroid distribution charges.\""
"5493" "\"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn — Part 1 (PG-13) Summit (117 min.)\""
"5494" "\"Scott was surprised that Williams was so effective after missing 13 games. After playing just five minutes in Denver, Williams got a cortisone shot and took some time off.\""
"5495" "\"1.The defensive line will be fine\""
"5496" "\"According to Buckeye Fire Chief Bob Costello, the collision occurred between Miller and Watson roads on westbound I-10 around 6 p.m.\""
"5497" "\"But it's a debate Obama can't duck forever.\""
"5498" "\"\\"They failed to not only protect the children, they allowed this predator to have access to children with sufficient knowledge to not only have him removed, but reported,\\" said Jeff Anderson, one of the attorneys in the federal lawsuit.\""
"5499" "\"\\"But yet,\\" his friend Allen O'Reilly said, \\"we're following him.\\"\""
"5500" "\"Among the additions was a House-approved mortgage lending bill that prohibits lenders from steering borrowers into higher cost loans. The measure would extend protections for tenants in foreclosed properties from December 2012 to December 2014. Displaying the influence of black lawmakers, the House additions also would require federal financial agencies to set up an office of Women and Minority Inclusion to promote diversity.\""
"5501" "\"The conventional measure, showing 11,400 payroll jobs added from December to December, was higher before federal officials adjusted it recently to reflect more recent data.\""
"5502" "\"“‘Princeton offense’ generally means you have pretty smart players who are unselfish,” McKillop said. “And ‘steroids’ means you’re playing with pretty high energy. So if you’re playing smart and with great energy, that’s a very good compliment, so, thanks, Rick.”\""
"5503" "\"The Jaguars were able to maintain that lead and later expanded on it to finish off the Vikings.\""
"5504" "\"\\"It's like all of the dollar stores rolled in one,\\" said Fisher after purchasing some toiletries at the Brentwood location, one of four Five Below stores that opened in the St. Louis region on Friday. \\"The only thing missing is the food.\\"\""
"5505" "\"Colvin entered Sunday's game with 59 career at-bats in the No. 2 hole and was hitting only .136 with a .164 on-base percentage. He went 1-for-5.\""
"5506" "\"Clinic Innovations has fostered the spinoff of 33 companies, mostly featuring medical devices.\""
"5507" "\"Some political observers speculate that Gonzalez - who also is running a virtually invisible campaign for 22nd Ward Democratic committeeman - was placed on the ballot as a phantom candidate to divert some Little Village votes from Hernandez's other challenger, Reyes.\""
"5508" "\"Two juveniles broke into an abandoned building Wednesday at Route 924 and Abingdon Road.\""
"5509" "\"Meanwhile, the latest of Linda’s numerous attempts at a career has crashed and burned.\""
"5510" "\"“It’s crystal clear to us that the senators who voted for this wanted to rubber-stamp a route for TransCanada, and make it as quick and easy as possible for TransCanada to get their route approved, even before they have a federal permit,” Jane Kleeb of Bold Nebraska, a citizens group fighting the pipeline, said in an interview.\""
"5511" "\"\\"I felt looking at our team we had a lot of very good players,\\" Armstrong said. \\"The stage I felt we were at was rearranging some of the pieces ... It was time to move some of those pieces around to get more of what I believed was a team that could compete now and in the future.\\"\""
"5512" "\"Big difference\""
"5513" "\"In the past 12 months, core prices rose 1.2 percent, up from the 0.6 percent pace recorded last October. Still, the March increase is well below the 10-year average of\""
"5514" "\"Just as I'm sneaking the last spud onto my plate, one of the men across the table sets down his burger, shrugs his shoulders, and announces that the No. 5 at his favorite fast-food burger joint is tastier. What? It has all that tasty sauce, he says. To each his own.\""
"5515" "\"\\"They said we might get as much as 15 inches of rain. I said, ‘No, not happening,\\"’ Geck said.\""
"5516" "\"Kan Zaman, 1616 West 25th St., Cleveland, 216-621-2222: After the dinner hour, this Middle Eastern restaurant transforms into the city's hottest hookah bar and belly-dance club on Saturdays. The party goes on until the wee hours and attracts a mixed crowd, from Arabic families with grandmas in scarves to West 25th Street revelers.\""
"5517" "\"Vaimario Pizzeria, between the Novotel and Hotel Kia Ora, 011-689-96-05-96. Pizza highlights the menu. Prices start at about $15.\""
"5518" "\"In interview after interview, I said the same thing. When you sign up for Ozzie Guillen, you sign up for all of him. You sign up for a good manager, the life of the party and a man who, now and then, will say something exceptionally dumb. If Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria didn't know that, he knows it now.\""
"5519" "\"Lilly is the world's 11th largest drugmaker by annual revenue, according to the latest ranking from drug data firm IMS Health.\""
"5520" "\"LaFerrara said she has emphasized the importance of communications with the county freeholders and has asked to be kept informed, so she knows what’s happening before any decisions are made.\""
"5521" "\"Patton, who grew up on the West Side of Cleveland, is now the Senate's majority floor leader under Senate President Tom Niehaus. He replaces former Sen. Jimmy Stewart, who resigned from the legislature earlier this year.\""
"5522" "\"\\"My whole thinking behind that was (Luck) was already committed, and the two-quarterback thing doesn't work,\\" Griffin said. \\"I didn't want to have to either me be the one that transferred, or Luck be the one that transferred. So I decided to go to a different college. But I liked Stanford, I liked Coach Harbaugh and I like Andrew.\\"\""
"5523" "\"The 35-member Senate is losing nine members, while the 65-member House is losing 24. However, some House members are running for the Senate and could be back.\""
"5524" "\"State regulators noted that you do not want to let the bills or receipts pile up. Call your agent or your company's claims hotline as soon as possible. Your policy may require that you make the notification within a certain time frame.\""
"5525" "\"Bohls told police he was heading to a nearby Walmart, when Fickes, driving a Ford F-150 pickup, apparently began honking and making obscene gestures.\""
"5526" "\"Emily Rodriguez and Melanie Hunt each tallied goals as Francis Howell shutout Howell Central 2-0 in a Class 3, District 3 semifinal at Howell Monday night.\""
"5527" "\"Starsia, who had not spoken publicly since the slaying until tonight, said before taking questions that he was not able to answer any queries related to the investigation.\""
"5528" "\"As if Zack Bruell's excellent contemporary French bistro fare weren't enough to draw a steady stream of guests, L'Albatros' South Beach-style patio (low-slung wicker grouped for intimate conversations or larger gatherings) is bound to keep the procession flowing. Order up a Rosemary Limeade -- vodka, lime and a sprig of rosemary -- along with a few treats from the menu, and you might never want to leave. -- Joe Crea contributed to this review.\""
"5529" "\"Once there, Kipps sorts through the papers of a recently deceased old lady who lived in a decrepit mansion deep in a marsh that’s periodically cut off by tides.\""
"5530" "\"Authorities previously indicated that officers arrived only minutes after the shooting began, finding eight people shot inside the shop and a ninth shot outside the salon. Eight of the nine victims died Wednesday, while a lone survivor remains in critical condition.\""
"5531" "\"Officers who were laid off said talk about layoffs had a dire effect on morale.\""
"5532" "\"And yet, he did score 20 goals this season. Those guys don't just grow on trees in this NHL. So I'll predict the Avs will keep him and keep hoping for better things from him.\""
"5533" "\"øJust because your bank hasn't raised fees doesn't mean it won't. McBride predicts a continued decline in no-strings free checking accounts. The good news? Customers will usually be able to find ways to avoid them.\""
"5534" "\"The end, however, came abruptly, even shockingly, 77 days after Penn State’s trustees terminated Paterno’s decades-long tenure with a phone call.\""
"5535" "\"New York trainers and the Royals' associate physician, Joe Noland, examined him, and sent Rivera on to the hospital. Much of a crowd 19,590 at Kauffman Stadium still hadn't arrived.\""
"5536" "\"Tony La Russa said he doesn't want to even think about a Game 7 in this series.\""
"5537" "\"Such was deemed the case in two incidents involving children caught on video. In one, a 3-year-old is seen screaming, \\"Stop touching me,\\" as a female screener pats her down. In a second, a male TSA screener pats down a shirtless 8-year-old boy. In both cases, the officers administered pat-downs only after the children set off the metal detector.\""
"5538" "\"Spice up your gluten-free recipes for summer with Cups Culinary Director Chef Jesus Gonzalez, who is the former creative chef for Rancho La Puerta Spa. Chef Gonzales will instruct a hands-on class featuring gluten-free dishes with dairy-free alternatives. Recipes will include lima bean soup; grilled eggplant and tomato salad with roasted red pepper dressing; fresh greens spanakopita; eggplant parmesan; reuben sandwich with portobello mushroom; and a fresh fruit clafouti for dessert. The class runs from 6 to 8:30pm, and is priced at $50 per person. cupslj.com\""
"5539" "\"It's been a long time since I had the desire, or frankly, the stomach to follow our No. 2 stock exchange. And that's because of how its performance reflects on technology.\""
"5540" "\"Eligibility for benefits is based two issues, the state said: if the individual had sufficient wages for the state to make a monetary determination and if there was a separation from employment through no fault of the claimant; and if the employer was subject to the Unemployment Compensation Law during the base year period.\""
"5541" "\"The missions start off easy, and it's only after you have successfully completed those missions that you will be able to unlock more advanced missions.\""
"5542" "\"The official reason given for the vote was that because Mexico does not celebrate Cinco de Mayo as a national holiday, there is no reason for the Post to conduct festivities for it, Gonzalez said.\""
"5543" "\"DL Travis Doyle, sr., Warrenton\""
"5544" "\"Silver Creek 55, Palisade 37\""
"5545" "\"Special menu, vegetarian options, 2-6 p.m.\""
"5546" "\"Stevenson said Cardinal's screen is “part of basketball.”\""
"5547" "\"Now after three years in which the tribunals known as military commissions have been reformed by Congress and the president, they've had time to reconsider their defense.\""
"5548" "\"With her rich tone and dynamic personality, the mezzo quickly built a career after her college years, first honing her craft at the Wolf Trap Opera Company.\""
"5549" "\"Friedman, Witmer-Rich and other lawyers interviewed also said that investigators using the wiretaps are obliged to turn them off unless the conversation they are hearing relates to the case they are probing.\""
"5550" "\"The private equity Masters of the Universe are in a royal jam in Texas.\""
"5551" "\"I have joined neighbors for Nordbye and would encourage others to take a close look at Peter Nordbye and do the same.\""
"5552" "\"Digital advances have made today's hearing aids smaller, smarter and easier to use. And microchips, laser beams and even insects may help create a more crystal-clear experience in the future.\""
"5553" "\"A previous bill to extend the deadline by three years died in the Assembly during the lame-duck session. Lesniak said the bill had been opposed by New Jersey building contractors, but added he has reached a compromise with them.\""
"5554" "\"Majority of the residents who spoke on Thursday told BPA representatives they should move the power lines farther east, where it won't affect private property owners.\""
"5555" "\"Koepf said Fremont Police Department has received cyber-bullying reports, but could not say how prevalent they are.\""
"5556" "\"The Chicago Tribune and the Chicago Photography Center will host the 69th annual Pictures of the Year International Education & Awards Program this weekend. The two-day event features presentations by POYi award winners and a 50-print exhibition.\""
"5557" "\"This was my first opportunity to meet Mowatt, and she impressed on all fronts. Smart, articulate, funny. Most of the interview revolved around the WCWS run in 2007.\""
"5558" "\"James and Gloria Newman, as principals of Annken Corp., general parnter of Newman Partners Ltd., a Texas limited partnership, paid cash for a 4,401-square-foot home with pool built in 1996 on the greens of the Boulders Club in Carefree. James Newman is the retired chairman and CEO of Horizon Health Corp., a provider of employee assistance plans, mental-health services and other health-care services in Lewisville, Texas. The home was sold by Richard and Joan Fox. Richard Fox spent 28 years at Ernst & Young, last serving as managing partner of the Seattle office.\""
"5559" "\"Since they were 19-year-olds coming onto the scene in the 1960s, garage band The Sonics have been loudly roaring their way into the hearts of rock fans all over the world.\""
"5560" "\"\\"I didn't speak a word of English, so I really needed to trust Christian,\\" Zhang said in Mandarin, via a translator.\""
"5561" "\"Dwek himself then walked over to the legislator’s Ford Flex.\""
"5562" "\"Keedysville\""
"5563" "\"That's the suggestion from officials at the federal Centers for Disease Control, or CDC, following earlier studies of theirs that made the same point. Says their new paper: \\"A tax of one cent an ounce on sugar-sweetened beverages -- about a 10 percent price increase on a 12-ounce can -- would be likely to be the single-most effective measure to reverse the obesity epidemic.\\"\""
"5564" "\"Within the last 9 months, four officers have faced DUII allegations while off-duty. Two sergeants have faced allegations of off-duty road rage.\""
"5565" "\"Olsen died early Thursday at City of Hope hospital in Duarte while surrounded by his family, his brother Orrin said. He had been diagnosed last year with mesothelioma, a form of cancer that affects the lining of the lungs.\""
"5566" "\"Buffett said the United States did a better job imposing austerity measures and improving its fiscal situation after the financial crisis of 2008. But he says the United States had a better structure to deal with the problems.\""
"5567" "\"\\"My vision for America is very different than this president’s vision. What he’s done over the last 3 1/2 years is, is install a series of policies that have made it backbreaking for many small businesses, that have made it harder for our economy to reboot and put people back to work,\\" Romney said. \\"What I would do - people ask me, ’What, what would you do to get the economy going?’ I say, well, look at what the president’s done, and do the opposite.\\"\""
"5568" "\"Akron def. Dayspring Christian, 3-1\""
"5569" "\"Best of all is Winkie, who -- as voiced and manipulated by Paglino, the actor playing Clifford -- seems like a living, breathing teddy bear. His solo curtain call is well-deserved.\""
"5570" "\"Among the model-level wins in 23 market segments, Honda took four, beaten only by Ford, with five top models for holding their resale value.\""
"5571" "\"With a tiny tax base, the city of nearly 80,000 relies on the state for most of its funding. But the state slashed aid this year because of a fiscal crisis of its own.\""
"5572" "\"Niehaus did not respond to a request for comment. Seitz, the caucus member who broke party ranks to vote against SB 5, disagrees with the suggestion that the process was bipartisan.\""
"5573" "\"SAN DIEGO (AP) — For one night, Miami Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen found someone to close out a win for his team.\""
"5574" "\"But if FirstEnergy cannot argue its way out of the report's preliminary findings, Perry is headed for intensive and \\"most thorough\\" inspections and employee interviews, Mitlyng said. The NRC bills the utility for such inspections, she said, at the rate of $273 per hour for every inspector involved.\""
"5575" "\"His bosses say he's very reliable since he stopped the constant drinking and began to volunteer.\""
"5576" "\"Since Haley sometimes competes at events such as the World Youth Championships, she continues training weeks after the school's track-and-field team has finished up for the season. She spends about two hours a day, six days a week, running, lifting weights, practicing throwing with a standard 600-gram javelin, and on other exercises.\""
"5577" "\"Under federal rules, if pressure on a pipe accidentally surges beyond a certain threshold - the highest level at which the line ran in the five years before it fell under the inspection law - an operator must inspect the pipe's welds for possible damage.\""
"5578" "\"The extended hours at the Dinky station are among a number of concessions the university is making in hopes of gaining approval for an arts and cultural center development.\""
"5579" "\"Davis recorded 37 putts — too many, she said. \\"I just don't have a lot of confidence with it.\\" Davis placed ninth at the 2011 state tournament.\""
"5580" "\"QUESTION: Even with the loss of Albert Pujols, do you think the Cardinals will be the favorite to win the NL Central this season?\""
"5581" "\"A: So that's the stage we've reached at point guard? For now, it looks like Norris will get an early chance each game, with Erik Spoelstra then deciding whether he merits further action.\""
"5582" "\"Duke wants to encourage students to take the risk of being an entrepreneur, not just in business, Rubenstein said. Teach for America is the quintessential example, he said, of an idea that came out of Princeton University and had an impact.\""
"5583" "\"Also, this might sound like I'm a few fries short of a Happy Meal, but I'm actually thinking about getting him his first video game system, just so I can take it away.\""
"5584" "\"Born in Los Angeles on Dec. 31, 1928, she was a daughter of Horace Allen.\""
"5585" "\"2003: Curious' \\"The Mineola Twins\\"\""
"5586" "\"I take great exception to that, Mrs. W. I can be every bit as obnoxious as Mike — especially when I'm off-base.\""
"5587" "\"The Creve Coeur-based gaming company expects to open the casino in late 2012. It is planned to have about 1,000 slot machines, table games, three restaurants and an events center on a site just north of downtown Cape Girardau.\""
"5588" "\"Strike Two.\""
"5589" "\"A HUGE LOSS\""
"5590" "\"In court Monday, Alperstein told the judge in charge of assigning trial courtrooms that delaying the Werdesheim case until the \\"Zimmerman matter settles down would be in the best interests of justice.\\" He didn't discuss a change of venue, which is outlined in his motion.\""
"5591" "\"Under state law, politicians can donate campaign contributions to political parties, other politicians or charities; they cannot use campaign money for personal expenses.\""
"5592" "\"The consortium has 60% of phonemakers and 70% of automakers, with the most notable exceptions being Apple and Nissan. The group says it started with phone- and carmakers as they were the most important to have on board to make synching work. The service providers shouldn't be a problem, says Tom, as they \\"want people to be able to use phones in all places. The more people use their phones, the more revenue they get.\\"\""
"5593" "\"“There will be a basic level of discomfort,” she said. “Some stories talk about body parts, some talk about rape. But each story is important.”\""
"5594" "\"The remaining 18 people arrested were cited for trespassing and released, police said.\""
"5595" "\"Chase bought the $1 Quick Pik ticket at Mobil on the Run, 9950 Big Bend Boulevard, in Crestwood. The gas station received $24,000, equal to 1 percent of the jackpot, for selling the winning ticket.\""
"5596" "\"Kid friendliness: No children's menu, but kitchen will prepare half-portions of most dishes (except steaks and chops).\""
"5597" "\"Yes, Donovan, but at least you don't carry the hurt around with you.\""
"5598" "\"In this podcast, I talked with Jerry about the Tribe’s start to the season, which included a great roadtip winning seven of nine games. Jerry also talked about the start of Travis Hafner, who is a huge WWE fan, and how if healthy, can be the type of hitter he was years ago.\""
"5599" "\"The owner says he plans to look for the goat using raisins, Billy's favorite food, capture him and take him home.\""
"5600" "\"From my visit 15 years earlier, I remembered that Delicate Arch wasn't easy to get to. I was surprised when my wife, Ashley, read from our guidebook that the hike would take only 15 minutes. Ten minutes into it, we were at the bottom of a steep sandstone hill. Twenty minutes later and only halfway up, our breathing was labored, and we were burning up. Looking ahead at the rest of the hill and the one beyond, we knew this couldn't be the hike Ashley had read about.\""
"5601" "\"He also played cadenzas of his own making, entertaining and accomplished, a nice sense of a merry fiddler creeping in.\""
"5602" "\"The inability of Fernandez to play thwarts the plans of McMillan to change his starting lineup. If Fernandez was able to play, McMillan said he would have started Gerald Wallace in place of Marcus Camby.\""
"5603" "\"Tonight’s episode showed us a glimmer of Emily’s heart when she took back the DVD that would have revealed David Clarke as Charlotte’s father. Aside from this moment, however, it was hard to believe that there was any feeling inside her. Her lack of compassion for Jack and Amanda, as well as her complete disregard for Nolan’s warnings make it seem as if she is also manipulating the Jack situation. Yes, Amanda out of the picture works out for Emily’s ultimate revenge plot, but it also leaves Jack able to continue to pine.\""
"5604" "\"Overall, hiring remains strong in the hospital sector. U.S. hospitals added 9,000 jobs in November, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Over the past year, the health care industry has created 20 percent of all new jobs. Economists expect overall hiring to remain strong as hospitals and health systems prepare for the big expansion of health coverage set for 2014 under the federal Affordable Care Act.\""
"5605" "\"We have already reached out to other international brands in the apparel industry, with the goal of helping to develop and coordinate a concrete approach that will meet Greenpeace's challenge. We are committed to sustainable business practices in our own operations and our global supply base and we support Greenpeace's aspiration for a world that is free of hazardous chemicals. We are committed to being an integral part of working on this solution, however we have to acknowledge that the management of chemicals in multi-tiered supply chains is a complex challenge, requiring many actors to play a role in achieving this goal.\""
"5606" "\"Jimmy Carter\""
"5607" "\"Sarah Manguso\""
"5608" "\"The business community, Reza said, \\"came in and used their political clout to put a stop to some of this mainly because of the economic consequences.\\" In 2011 other bills designed to crack down on illegal immigration, such as one challenging birthright citizenship, got nowhere in the Arizona Legislature.\""
"5609" "\"A few hours later, \\"whoa\\" happened.\""
"5610" "\"\\"We're talking about doing just a little extra,\\" McMillan said. \\"This is what winners do. They go out with each other. They come into practice and work on their game. They come into practice and push each other. It may not always be what they're comfortable doing. But in order for us to become a better team and give ourselves a chance to win, not only in the regular season, but also in the postseason, we're going to have to do these extra things. Just one degree makes a huge difference.\\"\""
"5611" "\"Smith, Brady and Hales, the candidates with the most organized and well-funded campaigns, are all Democrats. The primary race is expected to whittle the field down to two candidates who will then face off in November.\""
"5612" "\"The greatest risk to planes landing at night without controller assistance at a big airport like Washington's is that they might collide with equipment or maintenance workers since most runway maintenance work is performed overnight, Elwood said.\""
"5613" "\"The main menu's rare moment of gimmickry is \\"fishsticks,\\" strips of panko-coated rockfish served in a little version of a deep-frying basket. The strips are golden-crispy and tasty, the gimmick actually pretty sweet. The accompanying yuzu tartare sauce was a little stinky for me, though, as if it had spent time near a durian fruit.\""
"5614" "\"455 Oak Stand Path, $561,000\""
"5615" "\"Kasich has said the transaction could net Ohio a profit of $200 million.\""
"5616" "\"2007: Paragon Theatre\""
"5617" "\"A display of historic and art socks drew lots of spectators and sock aficionados. The summit is a biennial event organized by Canadian blogger and author Stephanie Pearl-McPhee and Tina Newton of Scappoose-based Blue Moon.\""
"5618" "\"2 tbsp. minced garlic, roasted\""
"5619" "\"Trading volume was light in Asia as markets in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore will closed for international Labor Day. Markets in Japan were open Monday but will be closed the next three days for Golden Week holiday.\""
"5620" "\"Should win: Clooney. It was the most fully realized performance of the five, with Clooney inhabiting the devastated Matt King, struggling to keep his daughters and himself afloat in the wake of his wife's coma. He was also willing not to play charming-gorgeous George. But it's a close call, because Dujardin will benefit from all the love for \\"The Artist.\\" Bichir was touching and memorable as a Mexican immigrant trying to help his son, but few people have seen his film, which came out in June (and is now on DVD).\""
"5621" "\"A. Honk doesn't have his abacus handy, so he isn't sure how many semis bypass the truck lanes. But they can.\""
"5622" "\"Ultimately, the division's goal is to link all kinds of historic records in an integrated search tool—including, for example, a historic Google map woven with photos, newspaper articles, business directory information and family diaries, said Ben Vershbow, manager of NYPL Labs.\""
"5623" "\"And with that, let the tailgating begin! (Unless you are an LSU fan, in which case I believe the tailgating started Wednesday night ... of last week.)\""
"5624" "\"Exploring any link between illegal immigration and other crimes is difficult.\""
"5625" "\"Dixon has had plenty of support from Charlie Batch, the veteran quarterback whose broken collarbone in an exhibition game knocked him out for the season.\""
"5626" "\"Another happy winner was Diane Schindler, who won the opportunity prize, a pair of Tiffany platinum and diamond Legacy earrings, valued at more than $21,000, generously donated by South Coast Plaza's Tiffany & Co., thanks to Michael Botsko, Group Director and GM at Tiffany's.\""
"5627" "\"In fact, vegetarians will be very happy here. Among the several fixed-price menus, there is always a vegetarian menu ($38).\""
"5628" "\"According to the state’s latest application, student achievement will account for 50 percent — not 51 percent, as originally proposed — of a teacher’s evaluation and include not just test scores, but other measures of learning such as portfolios of students’ work, NJEA spokeswoman Dawn Hiltner said.\""
"5629" "\"\\"I think that is much more of an in-play district than a lot of people might think,\\" political observer Brian Vargus said of the 9th. He is a political science professor at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis.\""
"5630" "\"While the city has drafted a template agreement, specifics would be hammered out with individual operators and the city and be required as part of obtaining a permit, Halstead said.\""
"5631" "\"Another eyewitness, Fela Ba, says he saw a large convoy of military vehicles heading to the town of Kati just outside Bamako, where the junta has set up its headquarters.\""
"5632" "\"Deputies found James Speidel and his truck near Northwest Old Germantown Road and Northwest Germantown Road, according to the search warrant. He was transported to a hospital to be treated for a possible overdose of over-the-counter pain medication and vodka.\""
"5633" "\"3170 Olde Post Rd, $275,000\""
"5634" "\"Well-rounded wine selection fits the menu\""
"5635" "\"By the time he left the Mt. Hood Wellness Center, Schrunk concluded the place wasn't a priority.\""
"5636" "\"O’Malley said he and his family provided four turkeys, four hams, untold pounds of corn, potatoes and other side dishes, not to mention eight different pies. The O’Malleys also gathered hundreds of pairs of socks and wrapped them up as Christmas presents.\""
"5637" "\"\\"What does it say about the college co-ed ... who goes before a congressional committee and essentially says that she must be paid to have sex?\\" he said. \\"It makes her a slut, right? It makes her a prostitute.\\"\""
"5638" "\"The lawsuit was filed in December challenging the constitutionality of the Oct. 20 law. But Jones agreed with state lawyers, saying the city has standing to challenge the law, not individual residents.\""
"5639" "\"And he's a huge fan of displaying photographs of yourself and your loved ones. “I love family photos,” he says. “This is your family. This is your life. Do it creatively – don't just throw them all in the same generic black frame – but definitely put them up and share them with your friends.”\""
"5640" "\"When he made his $1.9 billion offer, Icahn said he hoped to spur other takeover bids at higher premiums. Last week, Casablanca chairman Donald Drapkin said he believes Mentor rival Cadence Designs Systems would be a good fit.\""
"5641" "\"Judge Neil Wake ruled that they did not have absolute immunity as prosecutors and allowed the lawsuits to go forward. Several of the original plaintiffs have already settled their cases with the county, and Supervisor Mary Rose Wilcox's settlement claim is in dispute.\""
"5642" "\"\\"I look at my shoes as trophies,\\" he said. \\"For once in a long, long time in my life, I'm showing up.\\"\""
"5643" "\"W — Gudenkauf, 4 IP, 2 runs, 3 hits, 5 K's, BB.L — Not reported. Highlights — Harris, FC, 2-for-3, HR, 2 RBIs, 3 runs scored; Venable, FC, 3-for-4, 2B, 3 RBIs, run scored; Hill, FC, 2-for-3, 2 runs scored.\""
"5644" "\"Some to seek out include Majestic View Nature Center (7030 Garrison St., Arvada; 720 898-7405), which has hands-on environmental displays, wildlife exhibits and a kids area; Morrison Nature Center at Star K Ranch (16002 E. Smith Road; 303-739-2428), where the attractions include a field guide library and songbird feeding station; or Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge (6550 Gateway Road, Commerce City; 303-289-0930). This wartime weapons manufacturing center caught the eye of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in the 1980s after it was discovered that more than 330 species of wildlife inhabit the area, including bison, coyotes, raptors, mule and white-tailed deer, and many songbirds. Cameras, binoculars and video cameras are welcome, and an inviting new visitor center details the site's history from homestead to Superfund cleanup to sanctioned animal refuge.\""
"5645" "\"The fact that Salinas broke his collarbone on the play likely had a say in how long the suspension would be. So, too, was the identity of the culprit. Let’s face it, commissioner Don Garber has probably reached his tolerance level with Marquez, and the latest transgression was labeled “violent conduct that demonstrated blatant disregard for the safety of his opponent.”\""
"5646" "\"Republican lawmakers who supported SB 5 have said they are considering re-introducing parts of the bill that had public support, such as the requirement that public workers pay at least 15 percent of their health care cost.\""
"5647" "\"øBartiromo is anchor of CNBC's Closing Bell and anchor and managing editor of the nationally syndicated Wall Street Journal Report with Maria Bartiromo. On Twitter: @mariabartiromo. To see previous columns, go to Bartiromo.usatoday.com.\""
"5648" "\"This comes from Gov. Dick Lamm's Front Range Project, 2,000 volunteers who met monthly in 1980 and '81 to study what Colorado's future might be. It was a fascinating project, with knowledgable, thoughtful participants who cared deeply about Colorado, wanted to shape a direction protecting what we value: open space, majestic vistas, clean air and water, our ranching heritage and attractive and prosperous communities. Those observations could be our guide for a more positive future today, as Colorado seems to be under siege.\""
"5649" "\"Getting there: Frequent one-way sale rates start from $119 on Frontier Airlines with one flight connection in Denver; 10-day advance purchase.\""
"5650" "\"Scottsdale's ethics code bans elected and appointed officials from accepting any gifts from lobbyists or anyone attempting to sway decision-making.\""
"5651" "\"13641 Birrell St., $40,000\""
"5652" "\"Rumors of the Mile-Square City’s possible newest resident already took to Twitter.\""
"5653" "\"She was fired in 1909 after being accused by Twain's high-strung daughter Clara of embezzlement.\""
"5654" "\"Members of FixFresno.org showed up at the next board meeting anyway, only to be met at the door by Reid.\""
"5655" "\"Where:Tustin Ranch Golf Club, 12442 Tustin Ranch Road in Tustin\""
"5656" "\"After crossing the wash, the trail climbs steadily up, regaining much of its lost elevation. Look for a large rocky overlook as the trail passes by (but well below) the peak with most of the area's antennas. You can see Four Peaks about 70 miles to the east, Vulture Peak about 25 miles to the northwest, South Mountain and the Estrellas to the southeast and Camelback Mountain and Piestewa Peak in the mid-Valley. On a clear day, you can even see the silhouette of downtown Phoenix.\""
"5657" "\"The statue was most likely lost at sea after being plundered by Roman soldiers in Greece around the time of Christ. (The government of Greece has never asked that the statue be returned there.)\""
"5658" "\"\\"It was a long, tough year,\\" said Portland housing consultant Jerry Johnson.\""
"5659" "\"Anyway, as long as things are changing, she figures, who better to be pictured on the new money than Skynyrd.\""
"5660" "\"Patricia Schulte-Singleton, a spokeswoman for the closed St. Patrick Church in the West Park neighborhood of Cleveland, made a statement praising Begin for making St. Colman a refuge for Catholics whose churches were closed. The congregation gave him a standing ovation.\""
"5661" "\"The Sensers contacted an attorney and authorities that day, but it was more than a week before Amy Senser acknowledged to police she was the driver.\""
"5662" "\"LOS ANGELES — Given that Magic Johnson is such a genuine (lost) soul, I can’t wait for his take on the Dwight Howard-Stan Van Gundy saga.\""
"5663" "\"5042 Davison Av, $2,361\""
"5664" "\"State workers investigating abuse reports should visit isolated children more often and stop considering older kids less vulnerable, as some workers continue to do, reports a state investigation team.\""
"5665" "\"Saturday is National Record Store Day.\""
"5666" "\"Clarke said she opposed the measure — which would cost the city $3.8 million next year — because the council should have the opportunity to consider using the money for services, such as fire companies and recreation centers that are being closed.\""
"5667" "\"Brooks is also bringing out more bags, especially for those early-adopter influencers. \\"We need things for the laptop,\\" says Cristina Würding, Brooks's business director, \\"things for the iPad.\\"\""
"5668" "\"\\"Let's make this very clear. It has been a long two and a half years,\\" Haley told the crowd. \\"Everybody is going to be talking about Boeing. They are going to be talking about it across the country. They are going to be talking about it across the world. They are going to be talking about how we built the most efficient plane in the state of South Carolina.\\"\""
"5669" "\"Even as we disagree on many things, the kind of unity that resulted in flags being draped from overpasses across the country after 9/11 is a solid indication that our nation remains as strong as ever.\""
"5670" "\"\\"You couldn’t cut me a break? I was elected legislator of the year by the PBA!\\" the trooper’s complaint shows Albano stated. He was referring to the New Jersey State Policemen’s Benevolent Association, which represents about 33,000 law enforcement officers across the state and honored Albano last year for his work in the Legislature.\""
"5671" "\"The only bitter pill the Yankees had to swallow was losing Jesus Montero, the 22-year-old catcher who has been the Yankees’ best hitting prospect for some time. In his first 61 big-league at-bats, Montero hit .328 with four home runs and a .590 slugging percentage. Scouts seem to be in complete agreement that Montero is going to be a special hitter. “He’s got lightning in his bat,” the scout said. “He could be another Miguel Cabrera.”\""
"5672" "\"Fujita, Hargrove, and Smith may participate in all offseason activity, including preseason games, prior to the suspensions taking effect. Each player has a three-day window in which to appeal.\""
"5673" "\"Last week, Liz Warren’s campaign told the Boston Herald that they “flatly denied that she ever touted her Native American background professionally.”\""
"5674" "\"The Heat have outscored the Knicks by an average of 97-77 in what could go down as one of the most lopsided sweeps ever if Miami finishes it off Sunday. Orlando beat Atlanta by 25.3 per game in a 2010 second-round series, and the only other four-game sweep with an average margin of more than 20, according to STATS, LLC, was when the Lakers routed San Antonio by 22.3 per game in the 2001 Western Conference finals.\""
"5675" "\"But Adams said she wouldn't \\"raise my daughter in that environment\\" - and left.\""
"5676" "\"Prosecutors planned it like this to keep their most famous — and most sympathetic — witness away from the spotlight during the proceedings. They have gone to extraordinary lengths to protect her, including driving her to the courthouse each morning and allowing her to enter through a back door.\""
"5677" "\"Democrats, who have a strong registration edge in the district, have represented it since 1974. Cornilles ran against Wu in 2010 and lost by nearly 13 percentage points.\""
"5678" "\"First Course\""
"5679" "\"This is the deepest a MAC team has advanced in the NCAA Tournament since Kent State went to the Elite Eight in 2002.\""
"5680" "\"Jeff Hitpas, general manager of Clean, said workers will \\"encapsulate\\" the remains and then resume construction.\""
"5681" "\"7. Ryan Theriot's 12-pitch at-bat in the ninth inning Friday was the first at-bat of that length to produce an RBI since Edgar Renteria clubbed a three-run homer on the 13th pitch of an at-bat in 2004. Here are the longest at-bats (14 or greater), by total pitches, since 1995:\""
"5682" "\"But the storm is expected to subside early today and the hiatus beyond Monday night - when postponed Sunday games long have been rescheduled - has drawn cries that the decision was based more on TV contracts than competitive balance. While the Vikes are out of the playoff chase, the NFC East champion Eagles are playing for a first-round bye. But now they'll have only four days to prepare for their season finale vs. Dallas next Sunday.\""
"5683" "\"Speaking in Latin, Benedict read out each of the names of the new \\"princes of the church\\" at the start of the Mass, eliciting roaring applause from the pews and smiles from the cardinals themselves.\""
"5684" "\"Barbi Galli\""
"5685" "\"From 1958-78, the couple spent summers working at Camp Tamakwa in Ontario, popular with Detroit-area youths. Mr. Bandalene was camp director for many years. The two were among a handful of families in 1963 who, with Rabbi Sherwin Wine, founded the Birmingham Temple, origin of the worldwide Humanistic Judaism movement.\""
"5686" "\"For Palm Sunday weekend, March 31 and April 1, the SLSO will perform one of J.S. Bach's greatest masterpieces, the Mass in B minor. A magnificent and inspiring work, it will be conducted by music director David Robertson and feature both Amy Kaiser's St. Louis Symphony Chorus and a fine solo quartet: soprano Susanna Phillips, mezzo-soprano Kate Lindsey, tenor Nicholas Phan and baritone Stephen Powell.\""
"5687" "\"District staff will lead discussions on the kindergarten curriculum, give an overview of a school day, and talk about breakfast and lunch programs, transportation services, registering for school and Kindergarten Round-Up dates. Child care will be provided during the meetings for children ages 3 to 11.\""
"5688" "\"Whatever happens today, the 22nd-ranked Aggies are assured of opening defense of their NCAA championship in College Station, site of first- and second-round games. Whenever the NCAA Tournament ends for the Aggies, they’ll be headed for the SEC with Missouri.\""
"5689" "\"It's blast-offs, not banjos, that come to mind when one thinks of Titusville.\""
"5690" "\"According to the elementary district’s special counsel Vito Gagliardi, the following questions are likely, however, to be on the ballot:\""
"5691" "\"\\"They're both good products,\\" said Norberto Colon, the county executive's deputy chief of staff for Public Safety & Justice Services. \\"I believe it's a better product because of the feedback from the users.\\"\""
"5692" "\"A. I have a sentimental attachment to all of New Jersey.\""
"5693" "\"“I really enjoyed my work there, and that has basically convinced me that (computer science/technology) would be a good path for me to pursue in college,” he said.\""
"5694" "\"\\"The time that I first saw her singing in her mother’s act in a club … it was such a stunning impact,\\" Clive Davis told \\"Good Morning America.\\" \\"To hear this young girl breathe such fire into this song. I mean, it really sent the proverbial tingles up my spine.\\"\""
"5695" "\"In nearly 60 percent of two-working-parent couples with children younger than 5, at least one spouse worked some combination of weekends, evenings and nights, University of Maryland professor Harriet B. Presser found through studying Department of Labor and Census data.\""
"5696" "\"Simons has been unable to work as an electrician since last fall, and Kenney wanted to help him financially.\""
"5697" "\"The devices can have unwanted side effects, too. With the implant, irregular menstrual bleeding is most common; some women stop having their periods altogether.\""
"5698" "\"The Cardinals had men on first and third with none out before Axford struck out David Freese on a full count. The runners then got hung up on Yadier Molina's strikeout, with Tyler Greene an easy out at the plate.\""
"5699" "\"Continental Airlines President Jeff Smisek says the carrier will consider merging with United Airlines if the new combination of Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines becomes a profitable hookup.\""
"5700" "\"Before the stock market collapse in 2008, the fund managers were warning that health care could not be continued in its current form. Then, losses on the markets hurt the pension accounts.\""
"5701" "\"BRUSSELS—European Union finance ministers Wednesday made slow progress toward a compromise solution on how to apply new global standards for banking capital and liquidity.\""
"5702" "\"3. Orlando, Fla.\""
"5703" "\"Nationally, the National Golf Foundation reports that rounds played are up 22 percent from January through March over 2011.\""
"5704" "\"In Maryland, Montgomery County, Howard County and Baltimore City have laws that ban discrimination against transgender people. Howard County's law passed last year.\""
"5705" "\"3. Oklahoma St. (11-1)\""
"5706" "\"“Not only leadership, but his game tonight was monstrous, it really was,” Laviolette said. “When the best player in the world comes up to you and tells you, ‘I don’t know who you’re planning on starting tonight, but I want that first shift,’ that says everything you need to know about Claude Giroux right there.”\""
"5707" "\"\\"I didn't think there was any justification for the city to spend any more money than it did the previous year,\\" Starr said in October. \\"Families aren't spending more money, businesses aren't spending more money. It didn't make sense to me.\\"\""
"5708" "\"The new office, headed by Dr. Wendell Holdbrook and Dr. Garry Corsi Jr., features five dentists and a staff of 30 and does both pediatric and general dentistry.\""
"5709" "\"In total, Netflix had about 26.5 million customers in the U.S. and 3.1 million in other countries as of March 31.\""
"5710" "\"Instead, Belanardo said, her approach ensures better results in high school – and she says the local high schools have praised the district's math preparation.\""
"5711" "\"“Nature Crafts with Children” is geared for children ages 7-12. Participants will gain a deeper appreciation for the Earth by making crafts. Cost is $8 per child per session (includes a $2 material fee).\""
"5712" "\"Blagojevich will be retried next year on federal charges that he schemed to sell the seat after his first trial ended in a mistrial. Emanuel was not called to testify and hasn't been charged with any wrongdoing.\""
"5713" "\"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie headlined a fundraiser Monday in Fishers on behalf of longtime friend Susan Brooks, who is running for Congress in the 5th District.\""
"5714" "\"Huaneng Renewables plans to sell 2.49 billion shares, although the deal includes an option that would increase the offering size by 15%, according to the term sheet.\""
"5715" "\"3. Greg Schuler (Laurel), 40:47\""
"5716" "\"For Obama, though, it is a question of tone and emphasis.\""
"5717" "\"Student George Ravenscraft testified that he thought Waters was joking about making a list of people he wanted harmed. Waters never mentioned any other plans related to a potential shooting, he said.\""
"5718" "\"\\"Blackmon is a smaller version of Michael Irvin,\\" Brandt said. \\"He'll catch that slant. He will run after the catch. He is strong.\\"\""
"5719" "\"Heres the known list of Lions visitors so far. UCLA running back Derrick Coleman has a visit scheduled for next week. The Lions host a local workout Wednesday, which will include prospects such as Michigan State receiver Keshawn Martin and Boise State defensive end Tyrone Crawford.\""
"5720" "\"Previous finalists up for consideration again this year are Maurice Cheeks, Bernard King, Dick Motta, Don Nelson, Hank Nichols, Ralph Sampson, Jamaal Wilkes and the All-American Red Heads.\""
"5721" "\"Were at the point where it is no longer a debate on whether  but when we pull the trigger, he said.\""
"5722" "\"Then the judge asked about the status of the DCFS investigation and seemed surprised to learn Christopher had not been placed outside the family home.\""
"5723" "\"Oakland County Commissioner Jim Nash will forgo a re-election bid and instead run to be the county water resources commissioner, formerly known as the drain commissioner.\""
"5724" "\"Shear-the-author has not spared Shear-the-actress: The frumpy-grumpy Giulia is a self-righteous New Yorker who addresses the slinky local cultural bureaucrats (Tina Benko, Natalija Nogulich) with a mixture of sarcastic disdain and bristly impatience.\""
"5725" "\"May 10, 2012 06:26 PM EDT\""
"5726" "\"Deputy Commissioner Susan Brita told those attending Tuesday’s House Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee hearing that \\"I share your anger and disappointment in GSA's conduct.\\"\""
"5727" "\"Look for the No. 3 and possibly No. 4 seeds to get squeezed out here, even though it doesn’t look like a daunting bracket at first glance. But having Temple come from the No. 5 slot and San Diego State coming in at No. 6 is nothing to laugh at. Both could be on high alert for upset potential come Sweet 16 time.\""
"5728" "\"Banks stealing our money\""
"5729" "\"That kind of crowd puts a lot of pressure on a chef. But Rurka -- who raises his own livestock outside Manhattan and is dedicated to finding fare that is both sustainably raised as well as suitably exotic -- loves the challenge.\""
"5730" "\"We have different factories around the country, but all the formulations are my own, and we do the product development here in Kansas City. The products are also shipped from here.\""
"5731" "\"MARIST 69, Cottage Grove 7\""
"5732" "\"Costello believes this is the first time an assignment judge has had to make such a request for municipal court judges.\""
"5733" "\"The Eddie Neon Band (Club Fox Blues Jam). 7 p.m., May 2. Club Fox, 2209 Broadway, Redwood City. $5. 650-369-7770 or tickets.foxrwc.com\""
"5734" "\"Starting Wednesday through May 20, all lottery entries, win or lose, will count as one entry in the sweepstakes toward winning tickets for the free show.\""
"5735" "\"Safeguard Towing is parked in unincorporated Washington County. It is no longer permitted to do business in Portland, abandoning town when Gaylord demanded proof of insurance.\""
"5736" "\"Sacramento appears to have been marked down for a large number of high ozone air pollution days, a high teen birth rate, a high number of preventable hospital stays and a violent crime rate.\""
"5737" "\"The Ravens will officially start gearing up for the coming season later this month, with the rookies starting minicamp in just over a week.\""
"5738" "\"Wasserstein, which will retain two seats on the company's five-member board, also looks to retain a large ownership stake.\""
"5739" "\"The bulk of the money still owed taxpayers is from big insurer American International Group Inc., around $50 billion; General Motors Co., about $25 billion; and Ally Financial Inc., about $12 billion.\""
"5740" "\"\\"And I just knew if we weren't the ones writing the checks, our issues were never going to get taken seriously,\\" she said.\""
"5741" "\"The program is intended as a temporary lifeline. It will last until 2014, when the new health law requires insurers to accept all applicants regardless of medical history. Insurers will also be prohibited from charging higher premiums to those in poor health. And many people will be eligible for new tax credits to help pay premiums.\""
"5742" "\"Meanwhile, motorists intent on filling their tanks before Hurricane Irene arrives have been flocking to gas stations across the state.\""
"5743" "\"Maggie Ostrowski, spokeswoman for Senate President Tom Niehaus, a Republican from New Richmond, said a number of senators support the estate tax repeal and Niehaus will discuss the issue with Batchelder.\""
"5744" "\"\\"When you think about what it costs to house a family in an emergency shelter — $6,000 or $7,000 a month for four people — instead, we can provide rental assistance for $600,\\" she said.\""
"5745" "\"Brinda hurls darts at Grace at every turn, but they don't stick. Grace offers a steadier approach to tackling the numerous problems facing this working-class city.\""
"5746" "\"Overall: Kentucky, 20-6\""
"5747" "\"President Barack Obama is given to cute vehicular metaphors about the state of the economy. We were \\"in a ditch,\\" then got out and hit a \\"bump in the road.\\" This is studiously folksy. It also vastly understates the nature of our situation.\""
"5748" "\"This is one of four refineries run by Canada-based Suncor. A $445 million upgrade helped Suncor meet regulatory requirements and enabled handling of a wider array of oil-sands crude from Canada.\""
"5749" "\"Other features include LED cabin lighting and a text-to-speech feature that will read your incoming emails to you and allow you to respond with predetermined answers like \\"I'm running late,\\" \\"See you in five minutes\\" and, if your 14-year-old daughter steals your car and the cops email her, \\"LOL.\\"'\""
"5750" "\"Tonight's lineup is the same one the first-place Cardinals (7-3) used for their season opener April 4 in Miami. Cardinals starter Kyle Lohse (2-0, 1.35 ERA) won 3-1 at Cincinnati last Tuesday.\""
"5751" "\"\\"People want the medical side to fix this, but this is not a problem that is going to be fixed on the medical side alone,\\" Poirier said. \\"We need more places like Independence Center and Places for People, which is run on donations and support from the community.\\"\""
"5752" "\"øStill, shoppers should resist the urge to overspend, says Gail Cunningham, a spokeswoman for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling. \\"If you stayed up late or got up in the middle of the night and the item of your dreams is gone, the little voice in your head is going to start saying, 'You're already here. Go ahead and shop,' \\" Cunningham says. \\"Get in and get out. The longer you stay there, the more caught up you're going to be in the moment.\\"\""
"5753" "\"The county's SWAT team's record for responding is about 35 minutes, because that's how long it takes to assemble at one location, get suited up and get to a scene, said Capt. John Belmar.\""
"5754" "\"\\"We have a major event to focus on that will showcase Baltimore to the nation and beyond and we aren't going to be distracted from our task,\\" he wrote.\""
"5755" "\"“We’re undefeated and not looking back,” Louis DeAngelis said. “We’re taking this division definitely. No one is catching us.”\""
"5756" "\"Ohio, for example, has moved toward using course and degree completion rates in determining how much money goes to its public colleges and universities instead of solely using enrollment figures.\""
"5757" "\"\\"Our technical systems have always been complemented by strong policy enforcement, and we will continue to rely on both to keep people in control of their information,\\" the Facebook official said.\""
"5758" "\"The 2011 draft class lacked the can't-miss left tackle such as the Miami Dolphins' Jake Long and the Cleveland Browns' Joe Thomas, so Angelo did the next best thing. By landing Carimi with the 29th overall pick, he injected attitude into a toothless unit that not only allowed a league-high 56 sacks but failed to consistently open holes in the running game.\""
"5759" "\"“We meet during a period of both mixed anxiety and optimism to observe and mark the introduction of a new chapter for our community,” said Leavitt, who took his oath along with three City Council members.\""
"5760" "\"McCarty’s atonement came in the 22nd minute. Dane Richards out-jostled Salinas for a high-bouncing ball along the right sideline then scampered past Baca and around the sliding tackle of Earthquakes captain Ramiro Corrales. Toeing the endline, Richards crossed onto the feet of Cooper. A glancing pass, which Cooper acknowledged was a mis-touch, reached the top of the penalty box where McCarty’s right foot jabbed a volley into the net for McCarty’s first goal with the Red Bulls.\""
"5761" "\"\\"That's not my choice, what I would like to have happen,\\" Christie said today. \\"But on the other hand, we can't continue to run that kind of debt.\\"\""
"5762" "\"\\"Cabs are too expensive?\\"\""
"5763" "\"Fellow ESPN draft analyst Todd McShay was equally complimentary of Rainey on Saturday.\""
"5764" "\"In a skillet over high heat, add enough oil to lightly coat surface. Add vegetables and 1 tablespoon of the butter; quickly saute to brown slightly but still retain slight crisp texture, about 1 minute. Remove vegetable mixture to a separate bowl and set aside to cool.\""
"5765" "\"These stand in dramatic contrast to some of the earthier main courses, such as the well-charred filet mignon ($32), served on a generous bed of Blue Lake green beans and doused in a classic peppercorn sauce. It's crowded onto the plate with a pile of thick-cut fries and a breadcrumbed tomato half. Poached halibut ($26) is a simple masterpiece. The moist white fish is surrounded by a thin saffron broth and decorated with minute dices of carrots and paper-thin slices of fennel cut lengthwise so that the ends splay out like a sea creature with tentacles. Sauteed monkfish ($29) is served with prawn risotto with a Parmesan tuille, a scattering of baby greens and a pool of rich lobster bisque.\""
"5766" "\"Lewis was in the studio with Carl Perkins when they were joined by Presley and Cash for an impromptu jam session. The foursome was dubbed “The Million Dollar Quartet.”\""
"5767" "\"\\"It was better to come back home because I was able to focus a lot on my weight and my strength and conditioning. Also I want to be around my friends and family. You can train as hard as you want, you can climb Mt. Everest, you can train like Rocky and if you're not happy it's going to be extremely hard to be successful. That's why I decided to come home and be with my people.\\"\""
"5768" "\"(The odds of the Missouri Tigers winning the national championship, on the other hand, are listed at 12-1 in Vegas. Not bad considering.)\""
"5769" "\"Forty-eight-year-old Barrington Williams of Irvington admitted that he intended to sell the pot.\""
"5770" "\"Now, of course, we all know that cookies are a treat, and anytime you eat a half-box of anything (a sleeve of cookies is not one serving), well, that's not a great choice.\""
"5771" "\"Royalties from all his books have gone to his ministry program, as did the $1 million Templeton prize, which he won in 1993.\""
"5772" "\"Per serving: 160 calories, 0 protein, 39 g carbohydrate, 1 g fat (0 saturated), 0 cholesterol, 6 mg sodium, 3 g fiber.\""
"5773" "\"Just as Howell Central had its chances, Summit (10-3-1) had its share of near-misses.\""
"5774" "\"Not a Ruf start\""
"5775" "\"The Cavaliers rookie grew up watching this wisp of a man, all 195 pounds of him, win a pair of NBA Most Valuable Player awards by leading Phoenix fast breaks and finessing balls into passing lanes the size of mouse holes.\""
"5776" "\"Democrats said they have won on their record.\""
"5777" "\"The Orioles (15-9) also ended their own mini-skid, with their first win against the Yankees (13-10) in five tries this year. It allowed them to hold on to second place in the American League East, one game behind the Tampa Bay Rays.\""
"5778" "\"Friday through Sunday, more than 30 chefs will cook up thousands of versions of more than 120 different dishes, 10 dessert purveyors will sell sweets, 28 Oregon wineries will pour their pinot noir and other varietals, and 13 local craft breweries will sell beer. And, as always, proceeds go to Special Olympics Oregon.\""
"5779" "\"\\"It's insane,\\" she said. \\"We're sanitizing and then we're putting (equipment) back out on the floor. It's a constant: Take it out, bring it in. Sanitize it. Put it back out. Send it back out. Bring it back in. We have a wonderful, wonderful volunteer base, and they are so supportive, and they work.\\"\""
"5780" "\"Yet there is little consolation when your hopes of a state championship evaporate.\""
"5781" "\"The child was pronounced dead at 10:14 a.m., authorities said.\""
"5782" "\"The decor is still attractive, and quite strikingly different from most Thai places. A tropical forest mural on the wall becomes almost lifelike with the addition of an oasis of plants and small pond. White tablecloths and a formal yet inviting bar set Lalita apart even more.\""
"5783" "\"In the haze of shock, grief and recrimination that followed the destruction of Minoru Yamasaki's twin towers, rebuilding at the site, which quickly became known as ground zero, became one mantra America convinced itself we could rally around. But the process ground slowly toward gridlock: Daniel Libeskind wound up winning a high-profile master-plan competition for the site, then saw his proposal slowly gutted while he turned to designing condo towers for Sacramento and Covington, Ky. The memorial to the World Trade Center's 2,700 victims, by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, was also delayed and diluted; it is scheduled to open, at least in part, by 2011.\""
"5784" "\"That someone was Charlie Patterson, an agent for drivers, who helped Stenzel get a chance in the trucks series.\""
"5785" "\"Many residents of the gated community declined to talk to reporters. Others were eager to give their opinions, but not their names. Several said they had started carrying guns.\""
"5786" "\"An at-large warrant has been issued for the suspect wanted for the June 16 murder of Joey Richmond.\""
"5787" "\"Bourn recalled how the elder Gordon would tell him to watch his son take infield practice.\""
"5788" "\"Another of Meister's charges, Twill Do, will hope to come from off the pace to contend after winning the 2010 Hunt Cup by five lengths. Add to that Merriefield Farm's Bon Caddo, the reigning National Steeplechase Association timber champion — ridden by veteran British jockey Sam Waley-Cohen — and the field appears to be wide open.\""
"5789" "\"New Rams defensive coordinator Gregg Williams could be subject to disciplinary action, either in the form of a fine or a suspension, for his role in the New Orleans Saints' violations of the NFL's \\"bounty rule.\\"\""
"5790" "\"BNY Mellon and the institutional investor group that negotiated the settlement, which includes BlackRock Inc. and Pacific Investment Management Co., opposed the interventions. The investor group argued that the attorneys general don't have standing to intervene in a private contract dispute.\""
"5791" "\"11855 Villa Dorado Dr, $57,750\""
"5792" "\"BPA, which markets power from the federal dams in the region and controls about three quarters of the high-voltage transmission system, has been curtailing production from wind farms during off-peak hours for the past two weeks as a near-record spring runoff has pushed up hydroelectric generation.\""
"5793" "\"Yudheiris Janga, 33, of Orlando, pleaded guilty to a charge, but then fled authorities. She is considered a fugitive.\""
"5794" "\"The sheriff's office did not say when the alleged incident occurred or provide ages or genders of the teacher or student.\""
"5795" "\"But in a petition that went online last fall, the advocacy group the Friends of the Senator urged \\"that the management of The Senator Theatre immediately repair all exterior lighting and maintain its appearance.\\" More than 600 people signed the petition.\""
"5796" "\"\\"I'm sorry, Ms. Gantt. I'm not asleep. I'm listening,\\" he would reply, she said.\""
"5797" "\"øConsumers' connection with celebrities is what sealed the deal for investor Sagansky. When a celebrity is speaking directly to you, \\"You're a lot more focused and attentive,\\" he says.\""
"5798" "\"The critics have also wondered aloud - from radio and television sports shows to newspaper columns and even Monday-morning-quarterback perches - whether Tim Tebow has the right stuff to be an NFL quarterback. And though not always a Tebow believer, I've been born again by a young QB who continues somehow to find a way to win.\""
"5799" "\"There was also a tribute to the recently reunited Beach Boys that featured Maroon 5, Foster the People and Mike Love, Al Jardine and Brian Wilson, the three remaining members of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame band, all pitch-perfect as they brought the groups California rock sound and harmonies back to life.\""
"5800" "\"\\"I think in all instances the president tries to balance our commitment to human rights, making sure that the people throughout the world have the ability to express themselves freely and openly, but also that we can continue to carry out our relationships with key countries overseas,\\" Brennan said on the U.S. television news show \\"Fox News Sunday\\".\""
"5801" "\"\\"This is merely a financial decision by Vornado to basically step out of the furniture-related business,\\" Casey said in a phone interview. \\"It's such a small part of their portfolio.\\"\""
"5802" "\"For his off-Broadway debut, he’s upped all the antes. Over the course of nearly three hours, “Burning” and its cast of 13 leap back and forth between New York and Berlin, the early 1980s and the present. It’s like “Short Cuts” or “Crash,” but with full-frontal and a Kama Sutra’s worth of intercourse, both gay and straight.\""
"5803" "\"Saturday, CrossFit Fury training center in Goodyear will host a fundraiser in Murphy's honor, with all proceeds from a 5K run going directly to his family.\""
"5804" "\"The club will haul the Jeep to more than 25 regional shows and events through the end of December, where tickets will be sold for an opportunity drawing, to be held at the San Diego International Auto Show. Tickets are $4 each, available at the events or the club's website: www.tds4x4.com/jeep.\""
"5805" "\"But this isn't the first time something that is too good to be true but is just believable enough to write about has hit the Web.\""
"5806" "\"He carried the ball six times for 33 yards and one touchdown. Johnson scored early in the spring game, which seemed to inspire fellow running back Latavius Murray to show what he could do on the field. Murray finished with nine carries for 67 yards.\""
"5807" "\"Gallagher said Suncor's first responsibility is to protect existing waterways, then keep \\"material\\" from leaving the Suncor property. \\"We don't believe we have a leak at this time,\\" he said.\""
"5808" "\"“We don’t sell cheap paint,” Mrs. T. reminds as she clambers and climbs, knowing that the customer has only the dollars in her purse to spend.\""
"5809" "\"Experience: The Lyndon B. Johnson National Historic Park has two visitor areas 14 miles apart. The Stonewall Visitor Center offers visitors free driving permits to the working LBJ ranch. The Johnson City Visitor Center is where visitors can view the boyhood home of the former president\""
"5810" "\"The 1986 explosion that destroyed the space shuttle Challenger and killed seven astronauts shocked the nation, but for one rocket engineer the tragedy became a personal burden and created a lifelong quest to challenge the bureaucratic ethics that had caused the tragedy.\""
"5811" "\"Predation on large bulls is relatively rare, almost always by male cougars, which more commonly kill smaller bulls. Only a few bulls were killed by female cougars and those during early spring, when they're without antlers.\""
"5812" "\"B. Gene Autry\""
"5813" "\"3. Art. The town's rich art scene started in\""
"5814" "\"\\"I think God gives us what we were born with. I’m different, my ethnicity is mixed. Middle Eastern, and European and Lithuanian and German. And so, I don’t believe in it.''\""
"5815" "\"\\"Sometimes it's not words to express how it feels,\\" Myles said. \\"If she were here, I would embrace her.\\"\""
"5816" "\"While the commitment is far reaching, it doesn't always translate to what diners experience in the restaurant.\""
"5817" "\"The conflict usually starts when the daughter hits adolescence and begins to rebel against authority. A natural break should occur between adolescence and adulthood, where the mother allows her daughter to grow up and make her own decisions. Some mothers, however, have trouble letting go.\""
"5818" "\"The worst part of Game 3 was also a Red Wings goal. Late in the second period, Johan Franzen, after a mad Detroit skirmish near the Nashville net, took a loose puck and fired it in. The red light lit. But so did the blue light. And when the smoke cleared, blue beat red by about a tenth of a second. A goal that would have tied the game was ruled never a goal at all.\""
"5819" "\"Instead, he waited in his office, hoping to hear screaming and yelling from staffers watching.\""
"5820" "\"Tim Tebow has work to do if he's going to win over New York sports fans.\""
"5821" "\"So, somewhere on the Atlantic Ocean, between stops in Brazil and South Africa, I cut off my nine-inch ponytail and let someone rev a razor near my head.\""
"5822" "\"Bagley, of Salt Lake City, is the author of numerous books on the American West. \\"So Rugged and Mountainous,\\" subtitled \\"Blazing the Trails to Oregon and California 1812-1848\\" (University of Oklahoma Press, 2010), is the first of a planned four-volume series, \\"Overland West: The Story of the Oregon and California Trails.\\"\""
"5823" "\"Best qualifying performance: 2:22:38, 2011 Boston Marathon.\""
"5824" "\"Sen. John Carlson, R-Bemidji, said he hasn't heard from a single resort owner from his area advocating for the change.\""
"5825" "\"Q: As an aside, he's in a lot of movies, but could Stellan Skarsgård be underrated?\""
"5826" "\"Lake Erie goalie Calvin Pickard, 19, made his professional debut during the third period, replacing Cedrick Desjardins, who stopped 25 of 29 shots. Pickard, who stopped all eight shots he faced, was a second-round pick (49th overall) of the NHL's Colorado Avalanche in 2010.\""
"5827" "\"•Isolate Iran diplomatically. The ransacking of the British Embassy in Tehran last week by supporters of Iran's rulers has enraged the international community. So has the rulers' fierce and hateful rhetoric toward the U.S., Israel and the West, as well as their defiant stand on their country's nuclear weapons program. Furthermore, the U.S. State Department considers Iran to be \\"the most active state sponsor of terrorism.\\"\""
"5828" "\"In 1992, Exxon executive Sidney Reso was kidnapped outside his Morris Township, N.J., home by Arthur Seale, a former Exxon security official, and Seale's wife, Irene, and held for ransom; Reso died in captivity. (Arthur Seale is serving a 95-year prison term, while his wife was given a 20-year sentence; Irene Seale was released in November 2009.)\""
"5829" "\"(05-09) 17:01 PDT HELSINKI, Finland (AP) --\""
"5830" "\"It was a terrific new job—more money, more prestige, more interesting work. But it had one big downside: Because most of the team that I manage is based in New York, I had to split my time between New York and my home office just outside of Boston.\""
"5831" "\"\\"It can turn a fun trip to the river into a pretty harrowing trip to the vet,\\" he says.\""
"5832" "\"Eden Bower Lane, 10:12 a.m.: A vehicle was burglarized; a purse was stolen.\""
"5833" "\"Officers may not always act perfectly, but until you can experience what's in their heads, please keep an open mind.\""
"5834" "\"Safety Sean Cattouse, who had two interceptions, \\"loved\\" the venue and said, \\"It's always exciting being in the city.\\"\""
"5835" "\"\\"Last month I hosted the first-ever screening of 'Citizen Kane' at Hearst Castle in the Visitors Center during the San Luis Obispo Film Festival. And tonight, I'm hosting a party in W.R.'s building at a speakeasy,\\" said Hearst, a Hearst Corp. vice president and Western Properties Division general manager. \\"But I'm sure he wouldn't be shocked - W.R. was an incredible, perceptive human being.\\"\""
"5836" "\"ø\\"It's just the way I am,\\" he said. \\"As a broadcaster, you become a fan. I love the game and love the people in the game. I've always felt we should have more fun in this game. And I always felt like we needed more honest dialogue with fans and sponsors. You relate to people. That's just how I was brought up.\\"\""
"5837" "\"Huron at Mitchell, 5:45 p.m.\""
"5838" "\"\\"Thor, Cap, Hulk,\\" Downey calls out, waving his fellow superheroes in with outstretched arms. \\"Bring it in.\\"\""
"5839" "\"Both chambers also approved legislation addressing civil service, the rules that control the hiring, promotions and firing of public employees. Christie recommended allowing towns to opt out of civil service, but that was not included in the legislation.\""
"5840" "\"Rated: R for crude and sexual content, pervasive language, drug material, teen drinking and some violence.\""
"5841" "\"Some neighbors said it will remove a symbol that has haunted the neighborhood the last few years.\""
"5842" "\"Nature-inspired elements like our shaped-wire nests arranged in our glass Villa Vases and Bowls add rustic warmth to the table. Layer into this look with birds’ nests from craft stores, or simply make your own using sticks, twigs and other natural elements. Arrange our faux Quail and Robin’s Eggs in bowls and nests scattered throughout the table for a delicate, earthy look and a welcome splash of color. Suspended overhead and filled with artful objects like our hand-painted Bird-Shaped Candles, our sculptural Birdcages lend dramatic presence to the event.\""
"5843" "\"Jamming a government health care takeover through the House of Representatives using stealth, deception, trickery and just plain bald-faced lies woke up the saner elements of the nation to the fact that -- wow, they really won't stop at anything.\""
"5844" "\"Following are a few varieties that are often suggested for our mid-state coastal microclimates:\""
"5845" "\"As far as beloved national icons go, it’s a little like someone making a Colonial “Night of Ye Living Dead” — and having George Washington as one of the brain-munching zombies.\""
"5846" "\"Though well written, articulate, and amusing, the usual Sun editorial page articles come stamped with the Maryland Democratic Party's seal of approval.\""
"5847" "\"Wick spent his entire 40-year employment career with the company. He began in 1965 in the tire-changing bays and became one of the company’s youngest store managers three years later.\""
"5848" "\"Ticker is compiled from staff reports and news services by STEVE SCHRADER: 313-222-6710 or sschrader@freepress.com . Georgea Kovanis contributed.\""
"5849" "\"Like much of Weide's film, this is tantalizing, particularly to anyone passionate about the filmmaking process. It's hardly groundbreaking or stunningly revelatory, however, and that, too, is typical of this documentary.\""
"5850" "\"Verizon has over $13 billion cash on hand. Last year, it awarded its chairman more than $2 million as bonus, despite his failure to honor Verizon’s commitments to the people of New Jersey.\""
"5851" "\"\\"We too easily assume that our available recollections are truly representative of the larger pool of events that exist,\\" wrote Max Bazerman and Don Moore in the book Judgment in Managerial Decision Making. (Hattip to Vikram Mansharamani's book Boombustology).\""
"5852" "\"He also helped Johns Hopkins to appearances in the 1992 and 1993 NCAA Division III Mid-Atlantic Regional Championships.\""
"5853" "\"The newcomers were joined by five members of the class who already had been announced: Nike co-founder Phil Knight, ABA star Mel Daniels, seven-time NBA All-Star Chet Walker, Olympian Don Barksdale and Lydija Alexeeva, who led the Soviet Union to two Olympic gold medals.\""
"5854" "\"\\"That just means those trucks are even more important than we thought,\\" Citi's Michaeli said.\""
"5855" "\"\\"We've tried to make what could seem like another appointment for a busy woman a little more appealing,\\" said Barbara Meyer, regional vice president of communication and marketing for St. John's Mercy.\""
"5856" "\"The Parkway Theatre, patterned after London's West End Theatre and used as a movie and vaudeville house, was built in the early years of the 20th century. It was acquired by the Loews organization in 1926 and remodeled as a movie house.\""
"5857" "\"\\"Our view is Scott Walker has done a lot of damage to the state, and Wisconsin can't be fixed as long as Scott Walker is governor.\\"\""
"5858" "\"NASA first began developing the robot 15 years ago, and the R2 model – the second generation of the concept -- was developed in partnership with General Motors, at a cost of about $2.5 million per robot. Two have been built.\""
"5859" "\"Fewer people are expected to travel 50 miles or more from their homes during the Labor Day weekend, according to AAA's forecast for the holiday. About 31.5 million people will travel this weekend, compared to 32.3 million last year.\""
"5860" "\"Maes, an Evergreen businessman and Tea Party favorite, defeated former U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis for the GOP nomination.\""
"5861" "\"RandomItems\""
"5862" "\"All of them had criminal convictions, including violent offenses such as aggravated assault, family violence and sexual battery of a minor, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. ICE declined to identify them but said most were arrested in the Atlanta area.\""
"5863" "\"NOTES: It was 3:09 a.m. PDT when the game began. It was not televised live in the U.S. outside the markets of the teams involved, and was shown on a delayed basis by the MLB Network. ... Bartolo Colon starts Thursday the A's, opposed by Jason Vargas. ... The New York Mets and Chicago Cubs opened in Tokyo in 2000, followed by the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay (2004), and Boston and Oakland (2008). Seattle and Oakland had been scheduled to play at the Tokyo Dome in March 2003, but the series was scrapped because of the threat of war in Iraq. ... A pregame video presentation honored victims and survivors of the March 11, 2011, earthquake and tsunami. The video was narrated by Derek Jeter, Bobby Valentine and Cal Ripken Jr.\""
"5864" "\"The roadside picnics mostly consisted of bologna sandwiches and milk. Ray Ryburn bought the bologna and bread at small groceries along the Mother Road. \\"I know that he bought the bologna in a hunk because it was cheaper than sliced so Mom had to cut it to make sandwiches,\\" Ryburn recalled. \\"We argued about who got the biggest hunk.\\"\""
"5865" "\"Wind energy will one day play a significant role in America's energy future, as will other renewables. But that day will not come anytime soon, for it takes years to acquire approvals and permits, secure financing and build the infrastructure. America's oil and natural gas companies believe in alternative energy, and that is why they are investing billions of dollars in developing the technologies that will get us to a green energy future. But they are also working to make certain that Americans have the energy they need in the meantime.\""
"5866" "\"She is the daughter of Julius and Rita Krisanic of St. Louis. He is the son of Scott and Patti McFarland of Knoxville, Tenn.\""
"5867" "\"\\"He has built a team and a program that are capable of providing Balboa Park institutions (with) the basis for participation at a national level in the important and growing area of new technology,\\" said Peter Ellsworth, president of the Legler Benbough Foundation, in a statement.\""
"5868" "\"Clinton responded that night 15 years ago by brandishing a pen and declaring: \\"If you send me legislation that does not guarantee every American private health insurance that can never be taken away, you will force me to take this pen, veto the legislation, and we'll come right back here and start all over again.\\"\""
"5869" "\"The talented Clarkson handled the difficult contours of the melody with ease, and added just enough flourishes to the anthem to put her stamp on the song. Before the anthem, singer-songwriter Miranda Lambert and her husband Blake Shelton, another star of “The Voice” (NBC misses no opportunity to advertise its hit) sang a version of “America The Beautiful” as pretty as the prairie.\""
"5870" "\"School construction manager Dave Tillou said there is good news. Some of the board’s professionals, such as its architect and engineers, are reducing their charges because, in part, “the job is getting done faster than anticipated.” The kitchen construction is finished and students were expected to be served hot meals on Tuesday for the first time this school year, said school superintendent Dr. Chrys Harttraft.\""
"5871" "\"Fewer get checkups\""
"5872" "\"Roland stated in the letter the council has no authority to pass the bill because the state constitution says citizens have a right to bear arms in defense of their homes and other property.\""
"5873" "\"Later, in an interview on CNN, Santorum chided Romney for campaigning in California. \\"The whole world is watching what's going on here in Washington,\\" he said. \\"Mitt Romney is 3,000 miles away. He should be here.\\"\""
"5874" "\"Servings: 16 to 20\""
"5875" "\"Experts say the meteor, dating to the formation of the solar system 4 to 5 billion years ago, probably was the size of a minivan when it tore into the atmosphere at between 22,000 mph and 44,000 mph and vaporized with a loud boom early Sunday. It was seen from Sacramento to Las Vegas and parts of northern Nevada.\""
"5876" "\"— Halliburton, the oil services company, rose more than 4 percent after posting a 23 percent jump in first-quarter profits.\""
"5877" "\"\\"I'm going to have to get up to speed on the rules,\\" Manning said. \\"I know we don't have nearly as much time as we used to. It's like free agency. It was never an issue for me before. I didn't know the rules there either. ... I've got a lot to study.\\"\""
"5878" "\"Five men charged with plotting to bomb a bridge linking two wealthy Cleveland suburbs placed what they thought were real explosives at the site and repeatedly tried to detonate them using text messages from cellphones, according to an FBI affidavit filed in court.\""
"5879" "\"1 cup peeled and minced fresh ginger\""
"5880" "\"\\"These were purely business decisions that had to be made in tough times,\\" Blake said.\""
"5881" "\"Yes, quarterback Tim Tebow has to improve. But the Denver defense also has to get better. And if the Broncos lose Dennis Allen to a head coaching job — he's a candidate in Oakland — they will be looking to hire their seventh defensive coordinator in seven years. The Broncos won't become a heavyweight on the defensive side of the ball until they have continuity there, in system and personnel.\""
"5882" "\"Aimee O'Neill worked the live auction which included: Four Grandstand Tickets to the 2012 \\"Macy's Thanksgiving Day Paradein NYC\\" including transportation and hotel stay; \\"The Escape To Italy\\" Package with a one week stay in a condo in Vasto Italy; \\"An Unrivaled Dining Experience\\" at Bonefish Grille; a \\"Fish With the Pros\\" Ocean City Fishing Charter Package for six people; and a \\"Body Language\\" Painting Package donated by master makeup artist and body painter, Jen Seidel.\""
"5883" "\"\\"Are the roads going to be used again?\\" she asked. \\"Because the trees are going to keep growing. There will be a need to do firefighting and logging.\\"\""
"5884" "\"\\"Who cares what Mark Zuckerberg wears to his meetings? I don't. What I care about is that he executes. The team that I saw has a pretty firm grasp of what's going on.\\"\""
"5885" "\"Both worked over a muddy track at the Palm Meadows Training Center in Florida with Wood Memorial winner Gemologist clocked in :50.39 for four furlongs, while Risen Star Stakes winner El Padrino was caught in a slow :53.34.\""
"5886" "\"Walton, the former township trustee, said he butted heads with the sheriff trying to get radar detectors installed in the cruisers that patrol the area where the pain clinics sit on Ohio River Road.\""
"5887" "\"Upton imposed no probation for Sue Anne Fortune and sentenced her to eight days in jail, with credit for time served, which means she'll serve no jail time.\""
"5888" "\"Vincent acknowledges that the quality of the education may not have improved yet. \\"The most important thing is to put the kids in school,\\" he said. \\"We're working later to improve the quality of the education.\\"\""
"5889" "\"The kennel is the oldest breeding center for the Swiss dogs. The puppy is one of four born on December 18.\""
"5890" "\"øThurman, though, can't bring himself to draw any conclusions.\""
"5891" "\"Cage has blamed his former business manager for driving him to what he called \\"financial ruin.\\"\""
"5892" "\"In 2000, there were about 240,000 U.S. citizen children living in Mexico. In 2010, that number more than doubled to 500,000.\""
"5893" "\"Cole is coming off consecutive losses to Arizona, Stanford and Oregon State, and is 0-2 in his previous two starts against the Ducks. ... Bauer, who was on the losing end of last week's 2-0 no-hitter thrown by Oregon State's Josh Osich, leads the nation with 142 strikeouts in 91 2/3 innings pitched -- an average of 13.9 strikeouts per nine innings.\""
"5894" "\"Zaro said nobody was pointing fingers, but the election of Christie changed the game for the sports authority.\""
"5895" "\"The defense official said the plan was developed in response to a classified study completed last year by the director of national intelligence that concluded that the military's espionage efforts needed to be more focused on major targets outside war zones.\""
"5896" "\"Hey, Jay: I don't see Thompson jumping into the rotation barring injuries. Alonzo Gee does supply some athleticism and they are even starting to run a few plays for him to see if they can develop his offensive skills as Casspi's struggles continue.\""
"5897" "\"Zogaj was known as \\"protected witness X\\" in the war crimes trial against a former ethnic Albanian rebel commander and now a senior politician, Fatmir Limaj.\""
"5898" "\"Senior Rachel Schwaab scored six goals and added two assists and junior Deb Milani added four goals and two assists asthe Comets (13-1) upended Dulaney, 18-12, in the Baltimore County championship game, at Franklin High on Saturday afternoon.\""
"5899" "\"Soon Fee set about doing something that had been talked about for years: renovating PlayhouseSquare's 1921 Hanna Theatre into a 550-seat state-of-the-art home. The Ohio, at 1,000 seats, was simply too big.\""
"5900" "\"Albergo said he looks for creative, multi-faceted individuals, not just book-smart scientists and engineers.\""
"5901" "\"The SHA is also working during the day to patch the roadway of I-83 between Shawan Road and the bridge over Quaker Bottom Road.\""
"5902" "\"Parents also help support the class with donations or time, she said.\""
"5903" "\"But Maricopa will help out with structure fires under a mutual-aid agreement.\""
"5904" "\"Rzepczynski, after pinch-hitter Vinny Rottino's single had deflected off him, lost contact with the plate, missing low with almost everything as he thought he rushed the ball to the plate. He walked two hitters besides throwing the wild pitch, and righthander Kyle McClellan entered with the bases loaded and two out. McClellan promptly allowed a two-run single by Ruben Tejada.\""
"5905" "\"The announcement says the pups are no larger than a potato.\""
"5906" "\"So visiting this museum at 2121 George Halas Drive is a profoundly American experience, and we always thought this totemic structure is perfectly placed in this city, in this state, in this region.\""
"5907" "\"City officials say that any deserving nonprofit can make a pitch to set up shop in a city building — even one that is currently occupied.\""
"5908" "\"Emergency kits have been highlighted in the media lately. From TV shows like Doomsday Preppers, to public service announcements from the American Red Cross, \\"Go Bags\\" are a hot commodity for survivalists and single family-homeowners alike. Because of an increased urgency for kits, Disaster Relief Supply has added a \\"Build-Your-Own\\" kit feature to their e-commerce website that allows customers to create a custom emergency kit.\""
"5909" "\"Pavane\""
"5910" "\"The medical board, which is a civil entity, was \\"acting on the coroner's report\\" in amending its complaint against Rutland, said Debbie Nelson, an associate analyst with the group.\""
"5911" "\"Flight, he found, was \\"a thrill, refreshing.\\"\""
"5912" "\"No, there's no Mt. Rushmore-like attraction here. Nonetheless, the park truly is a monumental treasure: 280,000 acres of spectacular mountain terrain that rises abruptly behind the desert towns of the Coachella Valley, offering recreation, a home for endangered bighorn sheep and a magnificent backdrop for the luxurious homes, stately date palms and acres of verdant golf courses that line the valley.\""
"5913" "\"Guyett, in another email from prison, says he doesn't plan on returning to the game. \\"There are easier ways to make money,\\" he writes.\""
"5914" "\"McConnell appreciates the fact that Hopper's art isn't static. \\"I entertain a lot and like the idea of functional art that people interact with. Paintings are nice, but a barbecue does something useful.\\"\""
"5915" "\"What really made The Plain Dealer happy, and the readers happy, and the athletes happy, was having Dugan's art available to all of us.\""
"5916" "\"Someone exposed himself behind a church Saturday in the 700 block of Falconer Road.\""
"5917" "\"Oregon do-it-all junior forward Amanda Johnson, who averaged 15.6 points and 8.2 rebounds for the Ducks, was also named Honorable Mention.\""
"5918" "\"I'm not concerned that this indulgent anger will produce thousands of Joe Stacks; he was an extreme case. My real worry is that the garden-variety version of this anger will be so virulent and inescapable that it will so alienate other, cooler citizens that they will give up on politics altogether.\""
"5919" "\"Complicating her treatment was gestational diabetes, which set in after the accident. Alex took insulin for it.\""
"5920" "\"Email the Lakers blog at mgmedin@gmail.com. Follow the Lakers blog on Twitter.\""
"5921" "\"Rider also won 23 games in 2008.\""
"5922" "\"But for some reason, Anthony's words just feel right.\""
"5923" "\"Psychiatry gradually has been gaining respectability in China, and psychiatrists were called in to consult in several recent crises: a spate of suicides among young technology workers at the Foxconn plant in southern China that produces iPads and a wave of fatal stabbings of schoolchildren. But the profession is still tainted by its image as a tool of repression.\""
"5924" "\"Aides to President Hamid Karzai, a native of Kandahar province, said the Afghan leader spent hours on the phone with tribal elders and influential local figures, urging them to stave off violent demonstrations like those that followed the burning of copies of the Koran at a U.S. military base last month. Those protests left more than 30 people dead, including six U.S. soldiers killed by Afghan forces while the weeklong protests raged.\""
"5925" "\"\\"We have to put growth back at the center of the agenda,\\" he said at a news conference after the bank's governing council left its key interest rate unchanged at a record low of 1 percent.\""
"5926" "\"UPDATED at 2:35 p.m., with more complete census data\""
"5927" "\"\\"This is the same President who said, after bin Laden was dead, that we shouldn't 'spike the ball' after the touchdown. And now Barack Obama is not only trying to score political points by invoking Osama bin Laden, he is doing a shameless end-zone dance to help himself get reelected,\\" McCain added.\""
"5928" "\"Denarration: Tours that become so isolated and bland that nothing unplanned is allowed to happen. Your trip loses any texture – removing the \\"narration\\" that comes with telling stories later about chance meetings, wrong turns, mishaps and other events that make up travel stories.\""
"5929" "\"“What Newark loves is house music,” says Rollins, a co-producer of Sonic Superstars, a free weekly dance party that debuted last summer at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center.\""
"5930" "\"Mr. Smith, who runs a trail-riding operation and captures many horses to limit the herd size and protect the newly abandoned \\"dumpouts\\" from harm, thinks there is a solution that makes many people uncomfortable: the slaughterhouse.\""
"5931" "\"Shepherd of the Hills Camp\""
"5932" "\"Learning to adhere to Hunter's style of play was an arduous process. During the regular season, Washington would play cohesively one night, only to be dysfunctional the next.\""
"5933" "\"Despite the national uproar, the policy is expected to have little effect in California because state law already requires most employers that provide insurance to cover contraception.\""
"5934" "\"\\"When kids do graduate, the most daunting challenge can be the cost of college,\\" Obama said in his State of the Union address, asking Congress to extend a temporary cut -- due to expire in July -- in federal student-loan rates. The reduced federal rate is now 3.4 percent. It the cuts aren't extended, it will rise to 6.8 percent.\""
"5935" "\"Reality disabused him of this notion.\""
"5936" "\"\\"Neck feels good. Arm feels good. I hope tomorrow I wake up and feel good.\\"\""
"5937" "\"Detroit RiverFront Conservancy\""
"5938" "\"The restaurant's vegetable \\"coins\\" ($13) are reminiscent of Indian kofta - they're fried patties of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots and celery. But here they're served in Manchurian sauce, a puree of broccoli with soy sauce, onion and ginger. The result is a comforting dish, if a little greasy, though it's good for absorbing spiciness.\""
"5939" "\"Dec. 16, 2009: Straub named public safety director by Mayor Greg Ballard; he began the job in January 2010.\""
"5940" "\"Valeeya, a smiling little girl who loved pancakes and was proud of the fact that she could recognize the letter \\"V,\\" was killed Feb. 5, 2008, in a Fair Oaks apartment. The child had been living with Martin, her 6-year-old brother and her mother, Mia Holmes, who is now serving 12 years.\""
"5941" "\"2- Keep ‘em handy & secure. Nothing more adversely affects the value of a gift card than losing it! Just don’t make the mistake of putting your cards in SUCH a safe place that you end up forgetting you ever had them or they expire before you remember where you hid them.\""
"5942" "\"\\"I don't think it serves the status of the Cleveland hub to have elected officials jockeying for media attention and taunting one of our largest employers,\\" he said. Continental accounts for about 3,200 workers at Hopkins.\""
"5943" "\"Lil Wyte: 5 p.m. April 29. Emerald Theatre, $10.\""
"5944" "\"A: Definitely Boone's Farm Green Ginger wine. It's 110 percent alcohol.\""
"5945" "\"Chen set off a frantic police search for him and those who helped him escape from his village April 22, and he made his way to Beijing on Friday, activists said.\""
"5946" "\"Starting to rebuild from Sunday's devastating tornado with no renter's insurance. Wondering if their duplex or apartment will be razed or repaired. Figuring out how to leave their newly acquired address in homeless shelters.\""
"5947" "\"Others associated with the Michigan First effort, including Johnson, did not return phone calls seeking comment.\""
"5948" "\"Do you just work online?\""
"5949" "\"eBay told police the \\"bidhighuwin\\" account belonged to Ficek, who lived in Homer Glen at the time and had sold 1,500 items in the previous two years, according to court records, making $196,000. He also worked at the Forest View terminal, police said, and had 17 live auctions in June 2010.\""
"5950" "\"The fine for an individual or business violating the indoor smoking ban is at least $250, with a $500 penalty for the second violation and $1,000 for each subsequent infraction. Buono said she has not decided on a fine for her proposal.\""
"5951" "\"Business leaders all over the country have urged cities and school districts to invest in early childhood education instead of throwing money at the problems at the end of the education cycle, including prisons.\""
"5952" "\"Sure, Brooks can give him a “Spanglish.” Anderson can turn out a “Punch-Drunk Love.”\""
"5953" "\"Rey Torres dreamed of a better life for his wife and five children when he left a neighborhood of wooden shacks and burning trash piles to drive a bus on a U.S. military base near Baghdad.\""
"5954" "\"Most restaurants serve salmon fillets, but here diners get a salmon steak ($19.95), bones and all, perched on a pile of sweet corn moistened with chipotle lime butter.\""
"5955" "\"A man who identified himself only as Vincent, 21, from Santa Barbara, Calif., said he had no plans to leave.\""
"5956" "\"Winner will be drawn on Monday and notified by email. If a winner is unreachable after seven (7) days, or if that winner is unavailable for prize fulfillment, an alternate winner may be\""
"5957" "\"“This is my fifth feature. Listen, I’m just fortunate to keep working. Let’s say I’m still waiting to get hot.”\""
"5958" "\"ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - The parents of a black teenager who was fatally shot by a neighborhood watch volunteer are asking federal officials to investigate a prosecutor who recused himself in the case.\""
"5959" "\"I stretched, and pain exploded, a searing, seismic blast that rolled up my left leg and shot out of my mouth in a hot dry heave.\""
"5960" "\"Many dance teams are now considered to be a part of their school's athletic department. One can \\"letter\\" in dance. This is huge. But as a proud parent of a former Southwest High School dance team Lakerette, I still cringe when I hear the \\"-ette.\\"\""
"5961" "\"Practice makes patients\""
"5962" "\"Cleveland Golden Gloves President Terry Gallagher said attendance at last Saturday’s semifinals was approximately 550. He hopes to better that number for the finals.\""
"5963" "\"The grand jury report's release came one day after the top county official overseeing CPS, Health and Human Services Director Lynn Frank, stepped down from her post, saying she will retire from county service at year's end.\""
"5964" "\"Earle said neighbors have expressed interest in the park for quite a while but there hasn't been funding available.\""
"5965" "\"Instead of rigorously investigating all 58 schools, the commission gave a lower priority to 31 schools after Caveon reported that its own data analysis turned up fewer concerns than the state had reported.\""
"5966" "\"New York returned to the playoffs last season for the first time since 2004 but lost to the Boston Celtics in the first round. In the offseason, the Knicks radically changed the team, waiving point guard Chauncey Billups through the amnesty clause to free up salary cap space to sign Chandler. They sputtered through January while trying three point guards to replace him.\""
"5967" "\"According to Detective Mary Wheat, spokeswoman for the bureau, officers responded about 1 a.m. to an traffic accident in the 8900 block of East Burnside.\""
"5968" "\"Who: Portland vs. Tri-City\""
"5969" "\"97 Mana Tuivailala 6-3 273 sophomore (Seaside, Calif.)\""
"5970" "\"That meeting was fractious, with some board members complaining they had too little information about the program and didn't understand the urgency. Three hung up rather than continue the meeting, which was only announced Wednesday. The 13-member board voted 7-1 to extend the lease. .\""
"5971" "\"For more information about the marathon or to donate supplies,\""
"5972" "\"“It seemed like there was contact with Marty,” Laviolette said. “If there was contact with the goalie, I don’t have a problem with the call.”\""
"5973" "\"The map was passed by the Republican-controlled state Apportionment Board on Sept. 28. The map, which redrew 99 House districts and 33 Senate districts, favors Republican candidates in a majority of the districts.\""
"5974" "\"Among other things, SB 1070 made it a state crime to be in the country illegally and stated that an officer engaged in a lawful stop, detention or arrest must, when practicable, ask about a person's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally.\""
"5975" "\"Perhaps the feds might be more willing to defer to state laws if they were more structured and realistic. But that would require a level of leadership that has been missing on this issue at the state level over the past 15 years.\""
"5976" "\"The men were in a Buick at about noon Wednesday. Joseph had needed a car and just acquired the used Buick, picking it up on Tuesday night. On Wednesday, he was driving east on Route 161 with his grandfather in the passenger seat. Relatives say they think Joseph and David Casson were heading to get the vehicle licensed before Joseph had to return to his Naval duties in Georgia on Monday.\""
"5977" "\"The goal for the kickoffs is four seconds of hang time, with the ball landing between the goal line and the 5. On the biggest returns surrendered last year, hang time was a problem.\""
"5978" "\"Among the most common complaints about the current uniform is the cost of dry cleaning, and how it performs in rain.\""
"5979" "\"And now that Roberts is beginning preparations for the coming year, and he and his doctor expect a fully healthy return for spring training, it suggests answers to a question fans always ask when an athlete disappears for months to deal with a concussion: What's taking so long?\""
"5980" "\"\\"Those business practices with individual farmers is the most important facet of the company,\\" Inglis said.\""
"5981" "\"The driver of the Buick and her husband also were hospitalized with injuries.\""
"5982" "\"I should be clear that I am not talking about the merits of this particular case. For that matter, the hearing wasn't about the merits of the case. The hearing was about whether there should be a case.\""
"5983" "\"\\"Most of the time a full-scholarship player is one who can pitch for you on the weekend and hit in the middle of the order right out of the gate,\\" Fox said. \\"Those are the most talented players that are going to go in the first or second round of the draft. The scholarship amount isn't going to be enough to keep these kids from signing pro contracts.\\"\""
"5984" "\"Aloha food may be tasty, but it can be salty and high in fat and carbs. To balance our 20-under-$20 list, we visited Well Bento, where healthful meals are the only thing on the menu. This tiny takeout joint isn't much to look at -- a small kitchen on the second floor of a commercial building -- but beautiful plates of organic fruits, vegetables, seafoods and tofu are produced inside Tod Brown's hole-in-the-wall eatery. Try the grilled salmon plate, served with salad and brown rice ($9.30) or the Zen macrobiotic ($8), a vegetarian plate with boiled root vegetables.\""
"5985" "\"Plug-in hybrids typically have larger batteries than traditional ones, allowing drivers to charge their vehicles overnight and drive part of the following day on electric power only.\""
"5986" "\"Mortgage holder Amer Haddadin says he is starting foreclosure proceedings on the La Habra residence because the family hasn't kept up the payments.\""
"5987" "\"Diroll was instrumental in recent years working with a number of lawmakers, including Seitz and Tavares, to find a workable solution. He helped come up with the new sentencing guidelines. House Bill 86 passed the legislature with nearly unanimous support, and Kasich invited Democrats to his bill signing at the Statehouse.\""
"5988" "\"When free agent Peyton Manning decided to leave this wondrous state Saturday night — getting dropped off at Centennial Airport by friend and former teammate and ex-Bronco Brandon Stokley — for the hot Arizona desert (80 degrees today, 86 by midweek), the frenetic buzz surrounding Broncos headquarters at Dove Valley was replaced by a somber silence.\""
"5989" "\"The enormity of their trip to Disneyland in April 1999 — made possible by Make-A-Wish Foundation of Greater Los Angeles — wasn't lost on them. It was the trip of a lifetime.\""
"5990" "\"The Fiesta Bowl would be fine not hosting a bowl in certain years, if it can host a playoff game. On the other hand, the Rose Bowl would prefer to just be the Rose Bowl, sticking with its traditional matchup of Big Ten champion vs. Pac-12 champion on New Year's Day. But those league champions will often be heading to the playoffs in a new format.\""
"5991" "\"If either of these teams wins the title at Auckland's Eden Park on Oct. 23, it will mark a major strategic watershed for rugby, which has—for years—been dominated by pulverizing brutes, clutch goal-kickers and stout, suffocating defenses.\""
"5992" "\"To be clear, the Writer's Room is not in any way affiliated with still-popular Musso & Frank (which declined to comment on the Writer's Room), the oldest restaurant in Hollywood. But there's little doubt the dimly lighted lounge is a homage to the grill's original back room.\""
"5993" "\"Wilson, 38, was arrested in 2008 after he was caught growing 17 plants behind his rental home in Franklin Township. He was charged with maintaining or operating a drug-production facility, an offense for which he could have received a 20-year sentence. A jury acquitted him of that charge, but he was convicted of manufacturing and possessing the drug.\""
"5994" "\"Wear school colors to class\""
"5995" "\"Santiago Casilla had converted all five of his save opportunities this season before Sunday, and it's hard to tag a blown save on him. Conor Gillaspie's error on Hart's grounder opened the ninth inning.\""
"5996" "\"DeCroce was a Morris County freeholder from 1984 to 1989 and served on both the Morris County Tax Board and Board of Elections, according to his legislative biography. He was also the chairman of the County College of Morris Board of Trustees.\""
"5997" "\"JONATHAN L. OLSON, 53, Palm Bay, died Tuesday. Palm Bay Funeral Home.\""
"5998" "\"JOHN \\"JACK\\" LEON MOORE, 73, Orlando, died Friday. A Community Funeral Home & Sunset Cremations, Orlando.\""
"5999" "\"I have used snail bait and Tree and Shrub Insect Control (Imidacloprid) as recommended by Capital Nursery. Can you give me your thoughts?\""
"6000" "\"14.9-ounce can Guinness beer\""
"6001" "\"But California, like most states, isn't doing it. Developing the sophisticated tracking systems necessary for value-added analysis takes time and money. Budget constraints and political infighting, among other things, have stood in the way.\""
"6002" "\"No one should assume he intends to fulfill all the spending promises made by lawmakers and previous governors, Christie said when asked to respond to the latest report on the structural deficit.\""
"6003" "\"A somewhat awkward example of that practice might be Robert S. McNamara, the former Secretary of Defense who's often blamed for the war in Vietnam. His middle initial, honoring his mother's maiden name, stood for Strange. Then there's Richard M. Nixon, whose middle name borrowed from his mother led to the nerdy character of Milhouse on The Simpsons.\""
"6004" "\"He also bridles at the hundreds of negative letters he's received from around the world. \\"They thought I was microchipping the snakes to legalize the trade, instead of trying to prevent abuse or illegal trading,\\" he says. \\"I was shocked.\\"\""
"6005" "\"Since the tax break's inception, GSA has granted it for 15 projects by seven different contractors and has one application pending, Elkington said. None involved the 19 percent giveback.\""
"6006" "\"It has been more than two years since McKee, a construction magnate who built WingHaven in O'Fallon, unveiled his $8.1 billion plan to redevelop two square miles of the near north side into office buildings, warehouses and thousands of new homes. The development has seen little progress since a nearly $400 million TIF was overturned in court in July 2010, and several other McKee projects have faced lawsuits over unpaid loans.\""
"6007" "\"\\"That's his strength, his fundraising, and we need a big emphasis on that right now,\\" men's basketball coach Tubby Smith said. \\"I think he's a guy that can sell that dream. He's done it before.\\"\""
"6008" "\"\\"Everybody wants to use violence,\\" Brooks said.\""
"6009" "\"\\"We need to drop back and kind of defend that cross, defend that ball in.\\"\""
"6010" "\"With the exception of Christie’s refusal to sign a tax increase on millionaires, the self-proclaimed conservative has drawn few ideological lines. Instead he has proposed what he brands “common-sense” solutions designed to appeal to taxpayers — like public employee pension and benefit reforms, a cap on annual property tax increases and a limit on school superintendent salaries.\""
"6011" "\"Chief of dermatology Dr. Lynn Cornelius will direct the treatment services at the center. She said, \\"Hopefully, within the next year, we plan to start seeing many of these patients and attempt to treat them in very systematic ways.\\"\""
"6012" "\"And running back Mikel Leshoure pleaded guilty March 1 to a charge of use of marijuana after he was stopped for speeding by Benton Township police. Leshoure was cited for possession of marijuana 11 days later, when the rented 2012 Mitsubishi SUV he was a passenger in was pulled over by Baroda-Lake Township police.\""
"6013" "\"Sacco and general manager Greg Sherman will return in their respective roles for the 2012-13 season, NHL sources said Wednesday.\""
"6014" "\"The 18-member Venice Baroque Orchestra is touring with one piece that's in the expected repertoire of a Baroque band, and one piece that is emphatically not. The same soloist, McDuffie, fronts both.\""
"6015" "\"MLB also works with federal agencies such as the FBI and the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the investigative arm of Homeland Security, to investigate whether the sellers are linked to larger counterfeit rings.\""
"6016" "\"This isn't to say there's nothing striking or novel about the upcoming musical year, announced today and beginning Sept. 20 with a performance by music director Franz Welser-Möst of Mahler's Symphony No. 3. On the contrary, the 2012-13 season is chock full of interest.\""
"6017" "\"'ACT OF MERCY'\""
"6018" "\"A: People like to dance and have fun but pretty soon they get tired of having fun; then you want your body to change. Your body won't change if you don't work hard. A workout is supposed to be fun, but you also have to get work done. If you don't do the work, you can't expect to progress. (With Tae Bo), I'm going to test and push you and make you see you have the power to push through.\""
"6019" "\"As the water receded, the last stretch of standing water Tuesday night was the two blocks west of Guilford on Westfield.\""
"6020" "\"If approved, tofacitinib would be the first pill for rheumatoid arthritis from a new class of pain medications called JAK inhibitors. The drugs work by interfering with enzymes that contribute to the inflammation process that causes joint pain, particularly in the hands and feet.\""
"6021" "\"The room, a bit bigger than 6-feet square, is part of a large complex of Mayan ruins in the rain forest at Xultun in northeastern Guatemala. The walls also contain portraits of a seated king and some other figures, but it's clear those have no connection to the astronomical writings, the scientists said.\""
"6022" "\"BIG EAST BUBBLE PICTURE\""
"6023" "\"A typical victory was solving the execution-style murder of a South St. Paul grocery clerk in 2002. The sister of strike force member John McManus overheard two gang members discussing the killing in a restaurant, a tip that ultimately led the unit to a female informant who wore a hidden transmitter and recorded the killer describing the fatal scene. The city of South St. Paul gave McManus and four other Strike Force members medals of commendation, the first time officers who weren't part of the city's police department were so honored.\""
"6024" "\"Kerry Costello is still under doctors orders to walk-run the races. Still, he's considering a marathon.\""
"6025" "\"“Pyongyang has a clear choice: It can pursue peace and reap the benefits of closer ties with the international community, including the United States; or it can continue to face pressure and isolation,” Clinton said Thursday.\""
"6026" "\"The three weeks between Chrisman's indictment and scheduled termination hearing was uncommonly quick, according to Phoenix Law Enforcement Association board member Will Buividas, one of the union leaders representing Chrisman through the internal-disciplinary review.\""
"6027" "\"That's just the first artificial obstacle to true love the movie sets up then skips past in this eye-roller of a romance.\""
"6028" "\"The hastily-assembled crowd consisted mostly of the latest class of officers, Newark’s 115th, which graduated in March. It signals the first time during the weeks of tense negotiations between the union and the city that rank and file officers have publicly criticized their own.\""
"6029" "\"By fall of 2008, the nationwide recession had pushed Resorts to the brink, and the casino made no payments on its $360 million mortgage after October 2008.\""
"6030" "\"\\"These actions are unfounded and pursue unseemly goals,\\" the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement. \\"We don't understand the reasons which prompted the U.S. Department of Justice to make a public statement in the spirit of Cold War-era spy stories.\\"\""
"6031" "\"Katie agreed and set up a table on the 10th green where she peddled her caps for $10 apiece. She sold every cap, and people donated all but one of them back so Katie could give them to children who had lost their hair. Others just donated money.\""
"6032" "\"“I was thrilled to do it for the Warner Mansion,” she said. “Anything I can do to help gain funding for it, I'm very glad to do. It is such a hallmark of our community.”\""
"6033" "\"Even the experienced crabbers on the pier were complaining about the take. Pacumio said there were a lot of red crabs and a few sharks, but he too had only bagged one Dungeness after three hours. He blamed the choppy seas.\""
"6034" "\"This Sunday, it will be an Atlanta Falcons unit that ranked eighth in passing, 10th in total offense and seventh in points scored utilizing an assortment of options at quarterback Matt Ryan’s disposal.\""
"6035" "\"Sunday's game is at Cowboys Stadium, and Smith has been retired for five years. But Tomlinson is still as close as a handshake to the NFL's career rushing leader.\""
"6036" "\"Howell senior Jake Ivory put his stamp on the game in the bottom of the fourth with a two-run home run over the left-field wall to trim East's lead to 4-3.\""
"6037" "\"A state appellate court on Friday denied a request by Missouri's public counsel and three consumer groups to force utility regulators to roll back electric rates for 1.2 million Ameren customers.\""
"6038" "\"We toddled over to Toddle Towne right after naptime last week to ask Ruach about her job. Here's what she said.\""
"6039" "\"øLater still, Manning with 88 yards to go and 3:46 to get there. A piece of cake for a man who has developed into a clutch-time maestro.\""
"6040" "\"Smart has stressed to Cousins how important he is to the Kings and that he can't afford to take himself out of games by having vendettas with other players or officials.\""
"6041" "\"Ms. Rich later attended Radcliffe College, graduating in 1951, and was selected by W.H. Auden for the prestigious Yale Series of Younger Poets prize for \\"A Change of World\\" that same year.\""
"6042" "\"So good for the Bucs. And good for their classy coach Greg Schiano, who was LeGrand's coach when he played for the Scarlet Knights.\""
"6043" "\"\\"It was tough,\\" Bower said. \\"I really admire people who can write a three-minute song that's satisfying to listen to. And 10 minutes is kind of a similarly hard length for a play. Five minutes is easy. When you get to 10, though, that's the time the story wants to blossom and turn into something else.\\"\""
"6044" "\"He and the others who managed to escape the swift-moving fire sought refuge in the only somewhat-safe place around: the Peshtigo River. They stood in the chilly waters for hours until the sea of flames swept away the entire town. In the chaos, the priest was separated from his holy tabernacle.\""
"6045" "\"Cost: $20 to $65.\""
"6046" "\"\\"It's difficult to say this without seeming self-involved, but really, primarily, what I care about is making people laugh. When it's my job, then I do feel pressure to perform — a professional duty. It can be exhausting. But I'm happy to be able to have quiet and intelligent conversation. In the past, I didn't have an off switch as much. But now, because I'm focused on work, and there are different kinds of dimensions to my life, I don't have that tendency.\\"\""
"6047" "\"Earlier this month, both houses of the Maryland General Assembly passed the state's fiscal 2013 operating budget, but both houses failed to pass tax legislation and a companion bill required to fund and implement the budget.\""
"6048" "\"Pomo played in the tournament on April 22, and like all golfers, was reticent to talk about the round.\""
"6049" "\"Obama told Rolling Stone magazine that he did not believe Romney would be able to disavow the conservative positions he took during the primaries.\""
"6050" "\"Linda's Pizzeria\""
"6051" "\"\\"I wish to point out in particular the fundamental way to manage state-to-state relations is to abide by the basic norms of international relations, namely to respect China's sovereignty, core interests and choice of social system,\\" he said.\""
"6052" "\"\\"It definitely gets one off our backs,\\" said Perkins, who earned his 50th career win with the shutout.\""
"6053" "\"QUESTION: Does the fact that the incident occurred on a school campus matter in terms enforcement?\""
"6054" "\"Vines is a Christian, a 22-year-old Harvard undergrad raised in a conservative evangelical church in Kansas. He is also gay and says he grew up being taught that the Bible condemns his sexual orientation. He took two years off from school to research and study whether or not that assertion is true.\""
"6055" "\"But once again, they pulled away in the second half and won going away, this time 34-17 against Washington in the last game at the current Husky Stadium.\""
"6056" "\"\\"There was probably damage to that relationship that was never going to be completely rectified,\\" said Gary Delagnes, president of the San Francisco Police Officers Association. But he said Harris established good working relations with the force, understood the prosecutor's job and \\"was a huge upgrade from Terence Hallinan.\\"\""
"6057" "\"Ginger Koryta, 63, said she was most concerned that her granddaughter had a good time on her honeymoon. Now that she was home, she had two goals.\""
"6058" "\"\\"It will come up next year but not at Easter,\\" she says. \\"More like in late spring.\\"\""
"6059" "\"The Stephenson Foundation voted last Wednesday to help fund the project after a presentation by Hanwell and city council representative Jim Shields, who are both board members for the charity but did not vote on the donation.\""
"6060" "\"øAnd, as four-time Cup champ Jeff Gordon noted, Pastrana (who has 375,000-plus Twitter followers, nearly twice as many as Gordon's 197,000) can do little wrong. Gordon was asked earlier Friday about how Pastrana's mullet compared to the one Gordon sported in his early racing days.\""
"6061" "\"A funeral service will be private; a memorial is pending.\""
"6062" "\"They eventually reunited on the history center's fourth floor, which had been decorated as an homage to the circa-1895 Leadville Ice Palace. There, guests watched an ice sculptor carve an image of a buffalo while enjoying bite-sized ice cream cones that achieved additional creaminess and crunch thanks to a dip in liquid nitrogen.\""
"6063" "\"Here are the numbers, courtesy of the Missouri Gaming Commission and Illinois Gaming Board.\""
"6064" "\"Yellow awnings hang over the neighborhood deli in the Vauxhall section of Union Township, between Roslyn Place and Crestview Avenue. Neighbors said police were running through backyards, searching for the suspect.\""
"6065" "\"Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of school districts. They are currently confined to St. Louis and Kansas City.\""
"6066" "\"\\"They might not have hammered the nails or poured the cement of the new San Francisco themselves, but they were there. They represent the beautiful city we have now. They represent the time when people all came together, you know, the spirit of San Francisco.\""
"6067" "\"Witnesses told police that the fight began when Davito's husband, Thomas Lacher, 48, became upset after seeing several men dancing \\"in a provocative manner\\" with his bride.\""
"6068" "\"A major problem with teens, says psychotherapist Marcia Polansky, a professor at Drexel University School of Public Health in Philadelphia, is that even when the divorce is good for the parents, the kids like having both of them in the house, \\"even if the parents aren't getting along, even if they're quite unhappy together.\\"\""
"6069" "\"Fifth grade: Olivia Badalamenti, David Brider, Myah Chenault, Julia Fuhrman, Alyssa Grimm, Taylor Hart, Zachary Hellickson,\""
"6070" "\"He coached 28 Olympians, including gold medalists Brian Goodell and Tom Jager. Ballatore's swimmers set 11 American and NCAA records and held several world records, including Jager's 50-meter freestyle mark.\""
"6071" "\"For preschools.\""
"6072" "\"\\"Our defense played great,\\" Teeters said. \\"I can't remember how long they had the ball at the end of the game, but it felt like forever and my defense did a great job keeping them out. They got an 8-meter in there, and I just saw the ball and went for it and cleared it out.\\"\""
"6073" "\"When Seabury pitched the cookbook idea to Dan Lorenzo, the Ramsey-based guitarist with the ‘80s thrash metal band Hades (with a reunion show next month in Clifton) and the ‘90s grunge band Non Fiction, Lorenzo knew it would be a hit (and indeed, Seabury is already planning a sequel.) \\"People who like heavy metal are very loyal,\\" Lorenzo says. \\"If there’s a heavy metal TV show, it doesn’t have to be that good, because the audience is so loyal they’ll kind of grasp at it.\\"\""
"6074" "\"We say that while Shiloh's appearance has caused some to question what's behind it all, we see the whole thing as kids' play that shouldn't raise eyebrows -- at least at this point.\""
"6075" "\"\\"It's good news because a lot of people want to learn more about us,\\" she said. \\"But some people want to believe negative stuff I don't know why it's OK to make fun of Mormons.\\"\""
"6076" "\"27. Jonathan Roberson, Timberland, 86.\""
"6077" "\"The site would also contain popular word and video games for free, and would allow for interaction among players and with the Lottery. Registrants would be known as \\"ORcadians.\\"\""
"6078" "\"That expected failure injects a greater uncertainty into the nation's political and economic landscape heading into a volatile election year. It will likely inflame a public ...\""
"6079" "\"\\"Especially when we're talking about taxation,\\" he said, it's better \\"to err on the side of the taxpayer.\\"\""
"6080" "\"\\"It was horrifying and so unfathomable to me that someone could be physically treated like that,\\" Lachs said.\""
"6081" "\"More buyers are targeting homes that haven't yet hit the market, a trend agents say will grow as inventory shrinks and the mismatch of what's available and what's desired continues.\""
"6082" "\"Ultimately, Johnson's pleas Monday were for naught, and Hartenbach sentenced him to 15 years in prison for the robbery charge, as well as armed criminal action and tampering.\""
"6083" "\"Verizon Communications Inc. is fully able to provide adequate communications service to every citizen of New Jersey, but it has chosen greed over public service.\""
"6084" "\"Unless National City could sell its portfolio of risky loans to raise money, the bank faced either a sale to U.S. Bank of Minneapolis for about $1 a share or a merger with Fifth Third, which six months earlier had wanted to buy National City outright.\""
"6085" "\"He was an avid flower and vegetable gardener and liked traveling to London and Ireland. He was a longtime University of Notre Dame football fan. He also liked to dance and do jigsaw puzzles.\""
"6086" "\"\\"I'd say the worst thing that happened to me in this whole damn thing is losing my friends,\\" Tennyson said, referrng to those who were killed. \\"I can handle the physical problems. \\" This week, Tennyson watched the news of two similar massacres, one Tuesday at West Anaheim Medical Center and another Wednesday at a church service in Fort Worth, Texas.\""
"6087" "\"That was more than obvious when the starters for the Eastern Conference were introduced before the All-Star Game, and Rose just stood by, watching LeBron James, Dwight Howard, Dwyane Wade and Carmelo Anthony, who were trying to get the crowd going with some dips and shakes on center stage.\""
"6088" "\"GM said sales to rental car companies dropped 25 percent for the month. Retail sales to individual buyers were flat. Sales of the Cruze, a big seller since it was introduced in 2010, fell almost 30 percent last month. Lower sales to rent car companies hurt the model, but analysts also noted that Toyota and Honda have full supplies of competing cars such as Civic and Corolla.\""
"6089" "\"The shelf life of an athlete is unpredictable, so they must act in their own best interest. I get that. But here's the rub: Too often, it seems, their personal brand is more important to them than their team brand. And that is why it is so easy for them to leave.\""
"6090" "\"This time of year always places increased demand on professional cleaners.\""
"6091" "\"Aldermanic President Lewis Reed, who has mayoral aspirations and seeks firefighter support for a 2013 run, sits on the bills, delaying their introduction in committee.\""
"6092" "\"The back story: Prana has been so consistently popular that it's hard to remember it was a restaurant, La Mezzanine, until 2001. Today it's Ybor City's only five-story nightclub. The first two floors (and the roof) are hip-hop and reggae; the third floor is Prana's \\"Sanctuary,\\" a dark, chilled-out VIP lounge with an aquarium and more private bar; the fourth floor is a packed, sweaty dance hall. \\"Our fourth floor is by far, on any given night, our most popular floor,\\" said general manager Chris Whitaker. \\"That's where we have our huge light show, laser show, our biggest soundsystem. That's our biggest wide-open dance floor, and we have go-go dancers on two elevated platforms.\\"\""
"6093" "\"Madison Heldt is a freshman at Century High School.\""
"6094" "\"“If a builder is active in one of our communities, they can build in any of them,” Holland said.\""
"6095" "\"When I Was a Child, the essay that gives the book its title, reveals more about the origins of Robinson's life as a reader and a writer. She grew up in Idaho, and much of her youth was spent with the texts of ancient Roman poets and philosophers and books about the tumultuous histories of England and Continental Europe.\""
"6096" "\"\\"The truth is it's the most challenging thing that ever happened to me,\\" he says. \\"There was no bigger challenge than that—to try to win people over with just two people. It will be hard for me to ever think of something to challenge myself as much as that because of its simplicity.\\"\""
"6097" "\"Dan Donovan, spokesman for Giant Eagle Inc. of Pittsburgh, the region's largest grocer, said: \\"Our customers are always looking for more ways to save in our stores, whether it's by taking advantage of offerings such as low everyday prices and great weekly specials, earning and redeeming fuelperks! and foodperks! rewards, or utilizing our popular generic prescription program.\\"\""
"6098" "\"Target Corp. is once again stretching its wings in downtown Minneapolis.\""
"6099" "\"He was a point guard and captain at St. Sebastian’s High School in Providence, never played at Providence College and has coached at the College of Charleston, Northeastern, Duquesne, Louisville, Florida for two invaluable years under Donovan, and Louisville again this season.\""
"6100" "\"17th annual Ugly Dog Contest\""
"6101" "\"\\"I think I was a little hyped up,\\" Howard said. \\"It helped me to come off the mound and settle down. Then we had some good at-bats in the first inning and that allowed me to get my head.\\"\""
"6102" "\"\\"Normal time out for this is four-to-six weeks, but as you know I sit around and talk sports all day,'' Karraker said. \\"So hopefully if I get my strength back I'll be back a little sooner. I feel good about talking.''\""
"6103" "\"At Monday's practice, Legwand was demoted to the fourth line with Brandon Yip and Matt Halischuk. Nashville's second-leading scorer during the regular season had been centering the second scoring line with Alexander Radulov and Andrei Kostitsyn for Games 1-3.\""
"6104" "\"You can always count on Oscar.\""
"6105" "\"moving soon to 4584 Laclede Avenue in the Central West End).\""
"6106" "\"As part of AB 32 and other recent legislation, California is requiring businesses generating over 4 cubic yards of garbage per week to recycle. Although some might find this mandate controversial, few would argue the merits of decreasing the amount of paper, glass, plastic and especially organics still going into landfills from businesses throughout the state.\""
"6107" "\"The point was to give members of Congress three hours to officially sound off on U.S. military involvement in the Middle East.\""
"6108" "\"\\"He's one of the best shot-blockers in the country. You're going to miss a guy like that. Nobody has anybody quite like him,\\" Boeheim said. \\"But I will say he didn't let anybody down, in my opinion. I know that's out there. I don't believe that to be true.\\"\""
"6109" "\"Worst road trip: Somehow the drive to Virginia Tech in winter can feel like an episode of Ice Road Truckers. But I do like “Enter Sandman” as a musical prelude to Hokies’ football games.\""
"6110" "\"Keys cleared 6-9 in the high jump, a personal record, while en route to a first-day total of 3,969 points. UCLA’s Marcus Nilsson is second with 3,887 in what is shaping up as tight, two-man battle today for the conference title.\""
"6111" "\"Faced with more nights on the street, Brown said he thought lofting the brick through the building would give him at least a few hours in a place where \\"someone's going to offer me a sandwich and drink.\\"\""
"6112" "\"Traffic is restricted to one lane during construction, and motorists should consider alternate routes.\""
"6113" "\"in a truck along the 6100 block of Martin Luther King Drive when it rammed two police vehicles, swerved toward officers and ran down a bicyclist. Officers opened fire, wounding one passenger in the leg and grazing another as the driver continued to flee until a flat front tire forced him to stop. No weapons were found inside the vehicle.\""
"6114" "\"Clague Road United Church of Christ, 3650 Clague Road, North Olmsted. (440) 734-1040.\""
"6115" "\"Shontelle Featuring Akon, \\"Stuck with Each Other\\": R&B up-and-comer from Barbados recruits everyone's go-to guest star for a tropical breeze of a tune.\""
"6116" "\"Shortly after being hired about a decade ago to up the ante of musical talent offered at the Orange County Fair's summer concert series in Costa Mesa, veteran talent buyer Ken Phebus rolled out his schedule for the fair's board. But one of the performers on the list was given a thumbs-down.\""
"6117" "\"Although Cuyahoga County's business leaders are reluctant to publicly take sides, some privately say they're backing Kaptur because they believe her budgeting role will help the area get more federal dollars. They say she's shown a great deal of interest in getting up to speed on issues that affect Cleveland.\""
"6118" "\"\\"We can't duplicate exactly who Cam Newton is because we don't have a Heisman Trophy player playing quarterback during practice,\\" Aliotti said. \\"But we do have a fast guy who's given us as good a look as he possibly can, and that's helped us. He's done a fantastic job.\\"\""
"6119" "\"The movie, written by first-time director Lorene Scafaria, is a black comedy with serious overtones, starring Steve Carell and Keira Knightley as neighbors who set off on a road trip in a desperate attempt to find the meaning of life before Earth's annihilation.\""
"6120" "\"Kennedy, though, seemed to wonder aloud if a more blanket rule – one that would allow strip-searches of all those brought into the walls of the jail, for any offense — would be a fairer way and more equitable way of “protect(ing) the individual dignity of the detainee.”\""
"6121" "\"Neighborhood Italian restaurant popular with The Star-Ledger crowd. Craving pizza? Try the pan pizza. Also on the menu: subs; seafood; veal and chicken entrees, plus rigatoni, linguine, angel hair, gnocchi, fettucine and other pasta dishes.\""
"6122" "\"Hargrove participated in the program while a member of the Saints in 2009 and '10, and signed a declaration to the league \\"that established not only existence of the program at the Saints, but also that he knew about and participated in it,\\" according to the league report.\""
"6123" "\"Here were highly sophisticated conservative thinkers - lawyers and justices - making the case for limited government, and liberals weren't even prepared for the obvious constitutional question: If Congress can force the individual into a private contract by authority of the Commerce Clause, what can it not force the individual to do? Without a limiting principle, the central premise of our constitutional system - a government of enumerated powers - evaporates. What then is the limiting principle?\""
"6124" "\"Last month, the Bit of Britain Jersey Fresh-Fair Hill Challenge was announced. It offers a total of $45,000 for various combinations of achievements between the two events.\""
"6125" "\"After all that reading, listening and worrying, there’s one thing I’ve finally decided on: Nobody else can make these important decisions for me. My husband and I know our baby better than anyone else, and, ultimately, it’s our job to figure out what’s best for him, as hard as that may be.\""
"6126" "\"Dear Brene: I agree that you owe your date authenticity about your feelings and the bulk of your attention. You also owe him a genuine thank you at the end of the night. Goodnight kisses or other favors are NEVER required (and we learned from our column of July 13, 2011, that many girls do not kiss on a first date). Your date may offer you alcohol or drugs. Don't accept. If you feel you owe him more than what is stated here — or you are stringing him along, please seek healing for low self-esteem or a “poverty” mentality that says you don’t deserve to be treated well or that you need to manipulate men to get what you want.\""
"6127" "\"Other dogs are canine police, patrolling your yard for possible human or animal intruders. Rushing to the scene of the crime, they tear up grass and anything else in their path.\""
"6128" "\"With gummi bears as Haribo's top-selling U.S. product, the company is striving to become the dominant player in the gummi category among its many competitors, including big candy and food companies such as Mars and Kraft, and smaller private labels.\""
"6129" "\"\\"No, I want the black one.\\"\""
"6130" "\"Mike Lupica, New York Daily News: \\"Gary Carter helped make the Mets champions as much as Hernandez did. In a clubhouse full of bad boys and bad behavior and bad habits, he was such a good man. And as great as he was with the Montreal Expos, he will always be a Met out of October of 1986 . . . when there were two outs in the bottom of the 10th in Game 6 of the World Series, two outs and nobody on, when the team that had won 108 games in the regular season and then won that wonderful NLCS against the Astros was that close to going home, Kid was the first to absolutely refuse to make the last out of the World Series. He singled, Kevin Mitchell and Ray Knight singled. Finally Mookie, with that slow roller down the first base line, like the whole season rolled right through Bill Buckner's legs in that moment.\\"\""
"6131" "\"The stakes in this year's election are higher than normal because the next president may have the unusual opportunity to impact the ideological direction of the Supreme Court, untypical of any one presidential term.\""
"6132" "\"But with two kids in college and another in the eighth grade, where could he find money to buy a business?\""
"6133" "\"DULLAHAN\""
"6134" "\"Emergency food kit\""
"6135" "\"\\"In those tough situations, if they can remain calm and make those plays just like the juniors or seniors would. ...,\\" she said. \\"They might have a freshman moment. But they'll learn from it and get better.\\"\""
"6136" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio — Two men accused in the shooting of a Cleveland police officer will be arraigned Monday morning in Cleveland Municipal Court on aggravated robbery and felonious assault charges.\""
"6137" "\"About 120,000 students, from young children to nonagenarians, take the Royal Conservatory Examinations annually in Canada, where there are about 5 million alumni of the program.\""
"6138" "\"\\"There is no reason what so ever for tensions to be increasing unless the Occupy Cleveland people feel it is necessary to challenge not only our laws, but the direction that they received from a federal judge who was very clear on the no camping prohibition.\\"\""
"6139" "\"(05-02) 01:59 PDT LONDON, United Kingdom (AP) --\""
"6140" "\"\\"I came here because I had to come here,\\" said Young, who testified because of a subpoena. \\"The only reason my husband had to write the book is because Mr. Edwards did not come forward and tell the truth.\\"\""
"6141" "\"At one time, he only had second-hand knowledge of this. His own dad — the first Henry, and the grandfather of Giants fullback Henry Hynoski Jr. — was a poignant example: A star linebacker during the Depression, he was offered a scholarship to play at Fordham during the Lombardi years. But his mother, a widow just off the boat from Poland, incapable of grasping what it all meant, had other plans: Her son was going to work to help support the family, and the only place to do that was in the mines.\""
"6142" "\"The law professor added that it was rare to have a nearly 10-year-old law subject to wildly varying yet reasonable legal interpretations.\""
"6143" "\"The board members were uncertain what would happen next. Veteran board member Jack LaSota, a former Arizona Attorney General, at first opined that Lopez had effectively waived his right to a clemency hearing.\""
"6144" "\"8770 SW Tachi Ct; 2,801 square feet; on 1/17/2012 for $350,000\""
"6145" "\"Satisfaction: A Rolling Stones Experience 8:30 p.m. Feb. 9. $10-$12. Four-packs: $30.\""
"6146" "\"Obviously, given his enormous contract, Stoudemire will be nearly impossible to trade. But if that weren't the case, and you were Knicks general manager Ernie Grunfeld, would you pull the trigger on a deal to get STAT out of town?\""
"6147" "\"\\"I leaned against a tree, thinking, 'This better not be a heart attack because I don't have time for one,' \\" recalls Ms. Thomas, who worked in hospital communications at the time.\""
"6148" "\"The Obama administration and Congress have vowed to improve that. This month the Federal Communications Commission will deliver policy recommendations to Congress on how to make universal broadband a reality. And the Commerce and Agriculture departments are handing out $7.2 billion in stimulus funding to bring high-speed access to more corners of the country.\""
"6149" "\"I wouldn't know how to act in the lap of such luxury. Fortunately, the Ritz is ready to educate some of the next generation in the finer points of etiquette.\""
"6150" "\"You can tell yourself it wasn’t supposed to be this way. But Levert refuses to play that game.\""
"6151" "\"Maryland is home to about 465,000 veterans, including 6,500 National Guard members, with 1,000 of their number currently deployed around the world.\""
"6152" "\"Pioli's muscle memory is to trade picks for more picks whenever possible, but the Chiefs are approaching the point where they may be better served using surgical focus on specific positions  nose tackle being the most obvious, though there's not a great option at No. 11 overall  instead of filling in around the edges.\""
"6153" "\"Sunday: Sunny, with a high near 85.\""
"6154" "\"Brandt says Moore is the worst thing that even happened to Brandt's and prefers to focus on moving on.\""
"6155" "\"Although suicide attempts often involve chronic mental health problems such as depression, the CDC researchers noted that what they called \\"impulsive suicide attempts\\" were immediately preceded by some kind of conflict. Such impulsive suicide attempts, then, don't necessarily derive from an overwhelming desire to die.\""
"6156" "\"2007-10-02 13:11:38.0 Andrew Kamenetzky: Fabio - Like I said in our blog post of Kobe's interview, I don't think Kobe is thrilled with his situation, nor did he really pretend to be. His comments reflected more of an acceptance and determination than any real optimism. I'm not even sure there's much to \\"believe,\\" really. Unless you're talking about something specific.\""
"6157" "\"Sikora earned an associate’s degree at Cuyahoga Community College. He was valedictorian of Baldwin-Wallace College and graduated with highest honors. He earned a law degree from Case Western Reserve University, a student of the year award and the post of associate editor of the law review.\""
"6158" "\"School board co-chairwoman Pam Knowles and parent activist Betsy Salter, who served on the district's budget advisory committee, both echoed that sentiment.\""
"6159" "\"If only the art historians would pay attention.\""
"6160" "\"But while this is good news for an industry that has struggled to develop high-quality technology that consumers could afford, what does it really mean for TV viewers? Are there channels and shows that warrant an investment in a new 3D television?\""
"6161" "\"You mentioned 529 plans, but CFP Michael Gibney of Highland Financial Advisors in Riverdale said you should know you can \\"front load\\" 529 plans with five years’ worth of gifts.\""
"6162" "\"“If you don’t come in early and show your discipline, you’re never going to earn that respect from your players,” senior captain Toben Opurum said. “Some people see it as harsh. But the fact that he’s doing it now, more so than later, it definitely will help him down the road.”\""
"6163" "\"The owners of 807,000 homes in the state are getting a break on their property taxes thanks to the homestead credit, which acts as a limit on annual increases. About 150,000 owners haven't sent in their applications, according to the assessments agency.\""
"6164" "\"As early as July 2002, the DEP issued a notice to Spector’s company alleging violation of the Waterfront Development Act. The DEP said fill material was dumped within 500 feet of the creek’s high-water line.\""
"6165" "\" Chancellors should be directly involved with police during demonstrations.\""
"6166" "\"Passengers felt every manhole cover and most road imperfections. There was no doubt the test S60 R-Design was well-connected to the road, even when it traveled on a straightaway.\""
"6167" "\"This Roscoe Village organic bakery bills itself as offering \\"punk rock pastry.\\" And if that means many of the goodies are surprisingly inventive, I would have to agree. Sure, you'll find the standards: brownies, cookies, whoopie pies and cheesecake bars, all generously sized, by the way. And there's a gorgeous, postcard-perfect vista of cupcakes on display — about a dozen flavors available each month, four to six of them vegan. However, foodies will appreciate the assortment of thoughtful creations such as chocolate chip cookies with bacon (yes, the bacon is organic), blueberry pie with lavender streusel, basil and goat cheese croissants, tequila-lime cupcakes and ginger-cream scones. And speaking of scones, the vegan Take a Hike scones, made with whole-wheat flour, oats, seeds and dried fruit, are the bakery's best-seller. Most items are sweetened with evaporated cane juice. Extra bonus: With its tattoo-art touches and neon-hued walls and tables, the shop has a punk rock feel too.\""
"6168" "\"Republican lawmakers in New Mexico and Washington state have pushed to tighten the laws in recent years, only to be thwarted by Democrats. The issue is less heated in Utah, where illegal-immigrant licenses carry only driving privileges. People cannot use the IDs to board a plane, get a job or buy alcohol, for example.\""
"6169" "\"The kitchen remains in its original location, but the couple expanded it to include an eat-in area. It, too, opens onto a covered patio that spills onto a saltillo-tiled courtyard.\""
"6170" "\"The tram would have cabins that could accommodate 6 to 8 people and tickets would be about $6 round-trip.\""
"6171" "\"They said any financing would be transparent and in line with EU statistics rules.\""
"6172" "\"3. Greater Chicago (Ind./Ill.), $2.3 billion\""
"6173" "\"A Star-Ledger report last month focused on another clinic, Compassionate Care Centers of America Foundation, and its ties to a wealthy Monmouth County man accused of benefiting from a massive Ponzi scheme. As a result of the story, the clinic stripped the man of any involvement, and state officials said vetting efforts were ongoing.\""
"6174" "\"\\"Unless the current law is substantially changed or dropped, there's no chance of a Democratic convention there, and my guess is the Republicans will avoid that controversy, too,\\" said Larry Sabato, director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. \\"It probably puts the kibosh on both party conventions.\\"\""
"6175" "\"When people are upset around them, it is important as well to reassure children that the divorce is not their fault. Children still are children and should have adult attention to do what they like to do together. It offers opportunity for them to pose their own questions and concern, rather than assuming a transfer of what parents think bothers them.\""
"6176" "\"And there have been numerous home invasion robberies in Arcata, Mendosa said.\""
"6177" "\"Since Caladesi got popular, changes have been occurring.\""
"6178" "\"The most visually stimulating of the launches is near the beginning of the ride. The 16-passenger train accelerates through a straightaway, barreling toward a near-vertical segment that lifts to the top of the Windcatcher's Tower.\""
"6179" "\"It's easy sport, of course, to now dump on the discredited commissioners, given the scandals that have engulfed them as their time in office sputters to an unceremonious end in just over two months.\""
"6180" "\"If Missouri politicians and national environmentalists can agree that widening the river serves both flood-control and ecological purposes, then there is hope that the dispute over the 'spring rise\\" can be bridged.\""
"6181" "\"\\"One can, looking at the clouds, once in a while see an image. But that is obviously by accident. I mean, looking at the moon, you can see the man in the moon. Sometimes double images get there quite by accident.\\"\""
"6182" "\"The bill’s goal will be met by the zero-based budgeting process, he said, and noted the governor had concerns about its constitutionality “because it’s legislative encroachment on a clearly executive duty.”\""
"6183" "\"This time around, that shouldn't be a problem.\""
"6184" "\"OK, then, what he's doing is listening to suggestions. Sometime in the last two weeks, Cabrera says, his double-play mate Orlando Cabrera, reinforced an earlier message by telling him, \\"Don't forget the home runs.\\"\""
"6185" "\"Pluses: Very good rustic Italian food, especially the antipasti plate, meatballs and Nonna's chicken.\""
"6186" "\"Steinemann said some practitioners believe that if someone has Alzheimer's, it may not be worth it to pursue treatment. \\"I would beg to differ. If that were my mom or dad, I would want to give them every chance.\\"\""
"6187" "\"\\"I think Portland is just progressively minded,\\" she says, adding that \\"we definitely chose to live within the city limits and we like being in the mix of things... My husband is from New York, and if he had to live in the suburbs, it would slowly kill him.\\"\""
"6188" "\"\\"C'mon, you look like you're wild at heart,\\" he says. \\"Have a beer.\\"\""
"6189" "\"Today, about half a million Jewish settlers live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Israel withdrew settlers and soldiers from Gaza in 2005 — a move Porat strongly opposed.\""
"6190" "\"It was a battle of wills, fought over a will. At its middle was an alternately charming and cantankerous old man who could decry inequality even as he was waited upon by servants, and preach abstinence even as he took an old roué’s interest in the romances of the young.\""
"6191" "\"The church supports DayWatch, which runs six days a week, then allows Operation Nightwatch -- a different program with no church ties or financial support -- to use the building at no charge for four hours Thursdays through Saturdays starting at 7 p.m.\""
"6192" "\"Each time we think we understand,\""
"6193" "\"Adam: When CM Punk walked into last year’s “Money in the Bank” as a villain, he received the loudest reaction of any fan favorites that night. Now, he’s returning home in the fight of his life against an opponent who has dragged him down a dark path of memories. The crowd reaction for this match should be insane, and the booking seems right for Punk to give the crowd just what they want to see.\""
"6194" "\"KMOX (1120 AM) personality and KETC's (Channel 9) \\"Donnybrook\\" host, Charlie Brennan, will do the honors as emcee.\""
"6195" "\"Some hard-line militants backing al-Qaida — which is made up almost entirely of Islam's majority Sunnis — consider Islam's Shiite branch as heretical and view Iran's regional ambitions as a greater threat than the West. Last year, the al-Qaida faction in Yemen declared \\"holy war\\" against Shiite rebels that get apparent indirect support from Tehran.\""
"6196" "\"President Obama, with a belated embrace of his commission's recommendation to cut $4 trillion in deficits over the next 12 years, on Wednesday laid out an aggressively centrist re-election platform that confronts Republicans on taxes and his own liberal base on spending in an effort to win back the independents he lost in last year's election.\""
"6197" "\"“The ACL is torn and some meniscus, too,’’ Rivera said. “I didn’t think it was that bad but it’s torn and I have to fix it.’’\""
"6198" "\"The levees, built by the corps in the 1940s and '50s to protect against 500-year floods, have been compromised by water seeping underneath. He said that there was no imminent danger of failure but that the situation should be considered urgent.\""
"6199" "\"Fulham winger Bryan Ruiz will miss the rest of the season after breaking his foot.\""
"6200" "\"Passengers had to exit through an emergency window, but the raised latch on the window kept catching on clothing as students tried to escape, investigators said. Exiting was further slowed because the window design required one person to hold the window up in order for a second person to crawl through, they said.\""
"6201" "\"When the session ends, family members come by to thank her and to tell her how grateful they are that someone is there for them.\""
"6202" "\"1970: Gun is recovered from a vacant lot in Kansas City, where Jordan's killers apparently dumped it. It is inventoried and put in police evidence room.\""
"6203" "\"GAME NOTEBOOK: Williams, Hawes and Young combined to make 20 of 34 shots; the rest of the 76ers were 19 for 51. … Nets forward Gerald Wallace sat out with a hamstring injury. … Philadelphia had failed to reach 100 points in its previous six games … New Jersey was 2 of 11 from 3-point range.\""
"6204" "\"AKRON, Ohio -- FirstEnergy Corp. is about to become the nation's second-largest electric utility.\""
"6205" "\"Two Hudson County fourth-grade students were selected from more than 8,000 entrants as the grand prize winners of the 13th annual Partnership for a Drug-Free New Jersey/Verizon New Jersey Design in a Fourth Grade Folder Contest.\""
"6206" "\"Within the next five years, we will make it possible for business to deploy the next generation of high-speed wireless coverage to 98% of all Americans. This isn’t just about a faster internet and fewer dropped calls. It’s about connecting every part of America to the digital age. It’s about a rural community in Iowa or Alabama where farmers and small business owners will be able to sell their products all over the world. It’s about a firefighter who can download the design of a burning building onto a handheld device; a student who can take classes with a digital textbook; or a patient who can have face-to-face video chats with her doctor.\""
"6207" "\"Musicians, Aztec dancers and people in indigenous dress gave the event the feel of a celebration.\""
"6208" "\"Energy companies insist the process is safe. Environmentalists are worried and conflicted. While fearful of tainted ground water, they see an alternative to coal mining.\""
"6209" "\"Santorum's primary victories in Mississippi and Alabama were the product of a wellspring of conservative support that overcame Romney's overwhelming organizational and financial advantages.\""
"6210" "\"A. Blame the contorted new leaves on the citrus leaf miner, a small moth gardeners rarely see. What they do see is the leaf damage you noted plus meandering tunnels between the surfaces of the leaves. Once the foliage is affected, it is too late to apply a control. Each time new growth forms, you can control these pests. When new leaves are starting to grow and are less than an inch long, apply a horticultural oil or an insecticide containing the natural ingredient spinosad. Follow the label to keep leaf miners from crinkling the tree leaves.\""
"6211" "\"\\"We have to take advantage of our quickness and play good defense and force other teams into bad shots to get our fast break started,\\" Brumm said.\""
"6212" "\"S1988: Phases out the state’s 6 percent tax on cosmetic surgery procedures, such as breast enhancements and Botox injections. Proponents say New Jersey is the only state that levies such a tax, which raises $10.8 million annually.\""
"6213" "\"Among the seven council seats, those in the even-number districts are up for election next year.\""
"6214" "\"\\"I think AT&T has a legitimate gripe that a very, very capable and potentially dangerous competitor is basically able to offer the same suite of services under a different regulatory regime,\\" he said. \\"Whether deregulation is going to be good for the people of Ohio is another question.\\"\""
"6215" "\"At this stage, however, he has no choice but to be patient and defer to the legal process. He cooperated fully with the Grand Jury and he will continue to cooperate with the investigation as we move forward.\""
"6216" "\"\\"He's not afraid of competition, not afraid to work,\\" Harbaugh said.\""
"6217" "\"The Post-Dispatch and other news organizations filed formal requests for the material. Wharton held out graphic crime-scene photos of the victims and sex-themed photos and videos made by Coleman and his mistress, Tara Lintz.\""
"6218" "\"But Consumer Reports \\"doesn't have a take on whether or not it's a deceptive practice, just that it happens,\\" spokeswoman Linda Zebian said.\""
"6219" "\"After snaking through corridors connecting the buildings, Brooke arrived at the new unit to applause from staff members. Her hospital bed was wheeled over to her room, where a gold ribbon had been stretched across the door, adorned with purple bows. \\"Welcome Brooke and family!\\" it announced.\""
"6220" "\"The Grizzlies, who knocked off the top-seeded Spurs in last year's first round for their first ever postseason series win, were paced by Gay's 19 points in Game 1. Mike Conley and O.J. Mayo both had 17 points and All-Star Marc Gasol finished with 14.\""
"6221" "\"1117 Highmont Dr, $23,200\""
"6222" "\"Portland photographer Hudson Henry creates images and teaches photography in the Pacific Northwest and around the world. To see more of his images and learn about his upcoming workshops, including a spring trip to Everest Base Camp, visit hudsonhenry.com.\""
"6223" "\"The almost 18-year-old Stevie Bird, will be in the book shop with his owner and biographer, Bertram.\""
"6224" "\"She is surrounded by mementos of her last triumph in \\"Alienor d'Aquitaine,\\" and she intends to return to the stage in that role. But Le Tourner forces her to confront the jarring events in her final performance that caused her to quit singing. Introspection convinces her that not only is her voice broken, but her spirit is too.\""
"6225" "\"The museum's object features a hexagram shape described as rare for its type, which depicts in its center an animal that reaches back to grab its own tail.\""
"6226" "\"JOHN A. DE LA SIERRA, 47, Deltona, died Sunday. Altman-Long Funeral Home & Crematory, DeBary.\""
"6227" "\"Some commentators have compared the pepper-spraying to police actions at Kent State, which is absurd. Four students died at Kent State. But it's also absurd to reflexively support what the police did, and not inquire how it happened.\""
"6228" "\"In jail, Justin's mental condition deteriorated rapidly. On Nov. 9, he slipped out of a restraint chair and kicked a cell door window, causing $300 in damage. Sheriff's deputies charged him with malicious destruction of police property, a four-year felony.\""
"6229" "\"The Baltimore walk will be his final performance before he takes an even bigger stroll on June 15: over Niagara Falls. That stunt required much lobbying and rules changes in the United States and Canada.\""
"6230" "\"The Angels made it 4-3 on Orlando Cabrera's two-run, two-out double in the fifth. An error by shortstop Jhonny Peralta made both runs unearned.\""
"6231" "\"DeGaris, from the University of Indianapolis, points out that it takes consistent long-term success to keep serious fans fully hooked. Season ticket holders, he said, are particularly hard to replace quickly, given the investment they put into the team.\""
"6232" "\"NEWARK — He’s got the backing of the party bosses and the name recognition. He’s considered a virtual lock to win in November, and his name is already painted on the office door in Washington.\""
"6233" "\"\\"Where do you draw the line? It's disappointing that they let themselves be swayed by you guys. I understand you guys have a lot of power, but sometimes you have to make decisions without what the press is campaigning for.\\"\""
"6234" "\"In the early '90s, he finally decided to do something with his voice. He took night classes at the Broadcast Center. In 1993, he was hired at the Center's station, WEW. He worked for WEW for four years.\""
"6235" "\"Johnson, who took in a Sox-Oakland game at Fenway while in town to promote the season finale, said ‘New Girl’ has been a great shot in the arm for his career and already there are imitators popping up in Hollywood.\""
"6236" "\"Some of the pairings were lackluster, and the prices are considerably more than if the same wines were ordered from the menu.\""
"6237" "\"They include Dan Foltz, president of KBS Constructors of Topeka, who has pledged to build a 7,800-square foot, $1.5 million hospital; Rosana Privitera Biondo, president of Mark One Electric; and Rob Pearcy of Pearcy Dunning Advertising.\""
"6238" "\"Meanwhile, the group Save Our Future Today maintains that the sewer capacity is needed to ensure progress on the affordable housing project.\""
"6239" "\"\\"I just like knowing where my food comes from, so it's nice to meet the people that are growing it,\\" Wilhelm said. \\"(The farmers' market) is a Boulder institution, so it's fun for social reasons, too.\\"\""
"6240" "\"Consumers should note that all these amounts in fortified foods pale in comparison with the quantities found naturally in fatty fish, says Susan Bowerman, assistant director of the ULCA Center for Human Nutrition. Three ounces of wild Alaska salmon provide 1,000 to 1,500 mgs of EPA and DHA combined; the same goes for 3 ounces of sardines.\""
"6241" "\"The unemployment rate would be higher but for the fact that many unemployed professionals have established home-based businesses that really don’t provide full time employment but do take workers off the unemployment rolls.\""
"6242" "\"Also be alert to movies that were locally shot or have some local connection. There's nothing quite like cheering hometown directors, crew members and actors, not to mention looking for your street on the screen.\""
"6243" "\"Chambers only hobby is reading his Bible. His favorite verse is Colossians 3:17. He put his hand on his heart and recited from memory: \\"Whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.\\"\""
"6244" "\"Prowler. 4:28 a.m. Monday. 0 block of Bonita Vista.\""
"6245" "\"The updated advice was released online Thursday in the heart association journal, Circulation.\""
"6246" "\"1 tablespoon ground cinnamon\""
"6247" "\"Wurzelbacher faces Huron auctioneer Steve Kraus, a political unknown, in the March 6 Republican primary for the 9th district. But he clearly is already looking past the primary in a flurry of fundraising, public appearances and door-to-door campaigning. He tells people he's running against Marcy Kaptur or Dennis Kucinich -- the veteran lawmakers vying for the Democratic nomination in the newly drawn 9th district -- not even mentioning his own primary contest.\""
"6248" "\"Currently, she is a regular on the acclaimed HBO series \\"Treme.\\"\""
"6249" "\"That goal took the life out of the Sharks and the frustrated fans in the sellout crowd who might have seen their final home game of the season.\""
"6250" "\"He also considered SMU, Indiana and Princeton. Hopson, who plays in the St. Louis Scott Gallagher Academy program, is an attacker who loves to take on defenders and create scoring chances. He had\""
"6251" "\"Those and other boob-tube (pun intended) realities made hot-tub-lovin' an Olympic sport, profanity the national tongue, screechy meltdowns chic and narcissism the nation's fastest-growing religion.\""
"6252" "\"5 * DANCING W/STARS RESULT SP 15850 5.5\""
"6253" "\"New Utrecht is coming off its first appearance in the PSAL semifinals in coach Jennifer Lopez’s decade-long tenure with the boys team at the Bensonhurst school and has a solid nucleus coming back.\""
"6254" "\"Good luck, Alex Martins.\""
"6255" "\"Jones' legislation would expand charter schools statewide, encouraging them to develop specialties such as a focus on arts, agriculture or dropout recovery.\""
"6256" "\"Entering camp, the Yankees knew they would have a rotation battle, with CC Sabathia and Hiroki Kuroda as the only two pitchers assured spots. That has left Phil Hughes, Michael Pineda, Ivan Nova and Freddy Garcia to duke it out for the final three vacancies.\""
"6257" "\"To help prevent bacteria growth, the ASSE recommends keeping the water in your water heater tank at about 135 - 140 degrees Fahrenheit.\""
"6258" "\"I parked near the entrance to the Petrillo Band Shell, thinking we'd walk in, purchase our tickets, get a bit to eat and head over to the concert. We did this every year.\""
"6259" "\"As a result of their meeting, the former jihadist has spent this spring living and teaching in the hushed environs of Chestertown on the Eastern Shore. He has led a class on Middle Eastern politics and recently delivered a lecture on his personal story to a rapt audience of students and townspeople.\""
"6260" "\"The exhibition was so impressive that it was almost disconcerting: Susann and I felt as though a posse of talented artists had been following us. Pissarro's river landscape reminded us of our walk along the Seine; Monet's Rouen panorama recalled our picnic on the Côte Sainte-Catherine; and other paintings depicted streets where we had eaten croissants and sipped espresso.\""
"6261" "\"The brothers, now 20, are accused of covering a young female pit bull, later named Phoenix by rescue workers, with an accelerant and setting her ablaze in West Baltimore. The dog was euthanized days later.\""
"6262" "\"And now the moment you've all been waiting for. The end of a two-month-long journey -- not to mention a hard-fought campaign.\""
"6263" "\"“The bottom line is there’s no there, there,” House Minority Leader Paul Thissen, DFL-Minneapolis, said Wednesday of the Republican plan.\""
"6264" "\"In opening arguments, lead prosecutor Amy Holmes Hehn told jurors she wanted them to understand where Mallory's remains were found. She played them a videotape showing how difficult it would be for someone to randomly find the spot where Mallory's body was dumped.\""
"6265" "\"412 Midlothian Rd, $13,750\""
"6266" "\"\\"This form of redevelopment is light-years away from the top-down urban renewal that was federal policy back in the '60s,\\" she said. \\"That kind of clean-slate philosophy that came with bulldozers is just not anything we're interested in or that we have done since then.\\"\""
"6267" "\"Commissioner Tony Bennett said the county is looking at several options for a new plan after the last two were rejected.\""
"6268" "\"Give Johnson, 45, a former world-class triple jumper from North Carolina, the credit. He never bought into the conventional wisdom that sprinters in Oregon couldn't overcome the rain, wind, chilly spring temperatures and Eugene's affinity for distance runners and throwers.\""
"6269" "\"In May, a 41-year-old Gloucester County man was given five years of probation for collecting more than $35,000 in benefits between 2002 and 2006, even though he was employed during that period, according to the indictment. He also was ordered to pay back more than $42,000, including fines.\""
"6270" "\"We understand Stanton's dilemma, but residents also are facing potential hefty state and federal tax increases, as well as inflation as seen every time one fills up a car's gas tank. Government should not cost more than the people's ability to pay. Increasing the city's tax burden actually could hurt Stanton, rather than help it.\""
"6271" "\"Studies of the chip have been published in the journals Nature, the New England Journal of Medicine and Science Translational Medicine. It is the most promising of several dozen that companies and universities are rushing to develop to capture circulating tumor cells, said Bob McCormack, technology chief for Veridex.\""
"6272" "\"Page is 53. He regrets \\"all the time and money I wasted, and all the pain that I caused.\\"\""
"6273" "\"And the defending Missouri Class 5 champion Stars did not disappoint. Granger racked up 25 points, 11 rebounds and four blocked shots as McCluer North overcame a late McCluer rally to pull out a 58-54 victory.\""
"6274" "\"\\"Eventually most patients will follow a course of lifestyle, medications, then insulin,\\" said Dr. Enrico Cagliero, referring to people diagnosed with the most common form of diabetes, known as Type 2. He's an endocrinologist at Massachusetts General Hospital and associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School. \\"Overall about 30% of all diabetics are on insulin, but, given the progressive nature of the disease, close to 60% can expect to be on it eventually.\\"\""
"6275" "\"The Portland Timbers defender isn't ready to retire quite yet, but he can see the end approaching. And he already has begun a career that could allow him to remain with the Timbers and stay involved with the game he loves.\""
"6276" "\"Dunbar, 6-0, 226, had a breakout season in 2011, finishing third on the Saints with 90 tackles, while also recording one sack, seven pass breakups and two forced fumbles. The season easily was his best since joining the Saints as a rookie free agent in 2008 out of Syracuse.\""
"6277" "\"\\"We don't do nostalgia, really,\\" says Thomas, the group's only mainstay.\""
"6278" "\"Griner takes the derogatory comments in stride, her teammates don't.\""
"6279" "\"Lundqvist, whom the Avalanche will likely see Saturday night at Madison Square Garden, has an excellent shot at setting the NHL's all-time record saves percentage for one season, which Tim Thomas set last year with the Bruins (.938).\""
"6280" "\"Maybe. Recent events have shown how difficult it is to corral a majority of 535 lawmakers behind an idea. But Cain's more pressing concern right now is whether the sexual harassment allegations will create an air pocket that slows his upward trajectory and undercuts his growing support.\""
"6281" "\"Romney is heavily favored in New Hampshire's Jan. 10 primary, with contests in South Carolina and Florida packed into the final weeks of the month.\""
"6282" "\"DRUG VIOLATION: On March 28, a 32-year-old resident of the 200 block of Booker Street, Madison, was arrested on Route 203 in Madison on a charge of unlawful possession of cannabis.\""
"6283" "\"Stanley Cup finals: Boston over St. Louis in five.\""
"6284" "\"“When he used to stand on top of his seat, lift up his arms and twirl his sticks, he looked like some kind of strange sculpture,” Cooper said.\""
"6285" "\"\\"He put good effort into it and threw the ball with good life on his fastball,\\" Acta said.\""
"6286" "\"Alcoa's president and CEO, Klaus Kleinfeld, said the company's ongoing efforts to cut costs and raise cash \\"are working.\\"\""
"6287" "\"Nathan turned to the family and told them he would like to apologize. \\"It was a mistake that happened,\\" he said. \\"A lot of people make mistakes.\\"\""
"6288" "\"We need to be careful to distinguish how people respond to fear mongering and who is spreading the fears. If we ask why so many of us are losing sleep over dangers that are very small or unlikely, it's almost always because someone or some group is profiting or trying to profit by either selling us a product, scaring us into voting for them or against their opponent or enticing us to watch their TV program.\""
"6289" "\"\\"I don't think that's going to be in one fell swoop,\\" he said. \\"So we have to post those numbers and provide some consistent results. Over the next couple of years that will happen,\\" he said.\""
"6290" "\"Of course, Bolden will join one of his college teammates as a Broncos rookie. Denver expended a second-round pick on ASU quarterback Brock Osweiler.\""
"6291" "\"The scene was set for another dramatic Cavaliers win, yet Jamison drew nothing but rim on both shots.\""
"6292" "\"The dramatic dot graphic in the show's ad-agency office was created by the art department under Bishop's guidance. The piece echoes the work of English Op Art proponent Bridget Riley. Similar posters are at zazzle .com, starting at about $100.\""
"6293" "\"While at an annual Tech athletic department workshop last week, Weaver said it dawned on him that a change was needed in the men's basketball program in order to foster the family atmosphere he sought.\""
"6294" "\"800 S. Kenwood Ave., Canton\""
"6295" "\"The tendency is even more pronounced in the red wines. Among the 33 on the regular list, there are at least five wines using Rhone varietals, and four Gamays. There's also Zweigelt from Austria, Frappato from Sicily and Hondarribi Beltza from the Basque country.\""
"6296" "\"as well as $300 in cash in a wallet inside, her driver's license and Social Security card, a $200 diamond necklace, an iPhone valued at $400, a Carhart jacket valued at $25, a hoodie-type jacket valued at $25, two fleece-lined jackets valued at $25, two thermal shirts valued at $25 and an iPod and charger valued at $295. It was\""
"6297" "\"Republican Dan Maes\""
"6298" "\"U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan Barbara McQuade said Michigan has four of the most violent communities in America  Detroit, Pontiac, Flint and Saginaw.\""
"6299" "\"In fact, at least one group backing Sen. Richard Lugar is encouraging Democrats and independents to vote in the GOP primary.\""
"6300" "\"Mixed in the masses of the BBCOR's new clientele are some who argue against too much change to a sport that invariably involves risk.\""
"6301" "\"Bynum was averaging 18.3 points and 12.2 rebounds in 35.9 minutes before leaving Sunday's game in the first quarter.\""
"6302" "\"Many public restrooms, as well as those in hotels, hospitals and assisted living facilities comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) by providing raised toilet seats for their customers. However, it is also possible to enjoy the comfort of an elevated seat in one's home.\""
"6303" "\"Because of the recession and sluggish recovery, job prospects aren't as solid for today's young adults as they were for older siblings or parents, making it tough to repay debts. Unemployment rates are higher for those in their 20s and early 30s, and many employers have cut retirement, health and other benefits.\""
"6304" "\"And it would help with his third big challenge—defense. Team Romney is now turning its big guns on the former senator, who has benefited by staying above the Romney-Gingrich fray. The Santorum folks are betting Mr. Romney is getting a reputation for slash-and-burn, and that this will hurt him. He is, and it will, but the attacks won't stop. And criticism that is left unanswered has a way of seeping into voters' minds.\""
"6305" "\"2:24 p.m.: Sen. Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) says she plans to listen to the governor, \\"And I’ll do what my kids do when I lecture them: Ignore it.\\"\""
"6306" "\"In an Aug. 19 letter to plaintiffs, Judge Litzenberger said she had \\"concluded that some of Les Schwab top managers and executives had violated the court's order not to discuss this class-action lawsuit with any potential members of the class.\\"\""
"6307" "\"Goalkeeper saves--Portland, Cronin 3; Seattle, Keller 6. Shots--Portland 18, Seattle 12. Corner kicks--Portland 4, Seattle 5. Fouls--Portland 11, Seattle 12. Yellow cards-- Portland, Suzuki 23rd, Thompson 40th. Seattle, Riley 23rd, Graham 43rd, Nyassi 58th, Graham 101. Red cards--Seattle, Graham 101. Referee--Ronald Lagraff. Linesmen--Jeremy Hanson, Desmond Miller. A--15,422.\""
"6308" "\"Set in Le Havre, \\"The Fairy\\" frames outrageous fantasy sequences against the gritty backdrop of a working-class city.\""
"6309" "\"\\"We're learning each time,\\" said Victoria Bailey, TDF's executive director, who also credited Disney Theatrical Productions for allowing two of their shows to participate. \\"It's really clear that the demand is there.\\"\""
"6310" "\"Record: 26-9\""
"6311" "\"\\"What we do as a staff is we have a lot of clarity with everything we talk about,\\" Hoke said. \\"How we want to approach the academics, how we want to approach socially with each other, then the football part. The opportunity these guys have from an educational standpoint ... they've got tutors and advisers. (Still), every day, we've got to talk to our guys, positionally or whatever else, to remind them why they're here. That's a big part of it.\\"\""
"6312" "\"The complex procedure for dealing with abandoned property is detailed in California Civil Code Sections 1983-1984.\""
"6313" "\"Alternatively, this avoidable risk suggests a standard of laxity in the midst of a campaign tour masquerading as a policy parade. Revealingly, the president's target audience consists of unwitting metaphors for the state of the union -- unemployed and deep in debt.\""
"6314" "\"Environmental science technicians perform laboratory and field tests to monitor the environment and investigate sources of pollution. The field also encompasses environment factors and ecosystem functions that affect human health.\""
"6315" "\"Well, for those who'll be at the NASCAR weekend June 15-17 at MIS, buckle your seatbelts. It's going to be fast, my friends.\""
"6316" "\"The banks are a proxy for broader concerns about Europe. Analysts worry that Spain might join Greece, Ireland and Portugal in asking for a bailout. Even in Germany, one of the most stable of the 17 countries that use the euro, the pressure of the debt crisis has made bank customers reluctant to trade and invest.\""
"6317" "\"Gloucester County Tea Party\""
"6318" "\"Loss of humanity\""
"6319" "\"Said Democratic National Convention in Charlotte spokeswoman Joanne Peters: \\"The convention is staying in Charlotte.\\"\""
"6320" "\"Roy was off all night, finishing with six points on 3 of 11 shooting from the field.\""
"6321" "\"The Commerce Department says that total orders increased 0.7 percent in November. That follows a 0.7 percent drop in October.\""
"6322" "\"clubhouse after Day 1 of the Missouri Class 2 girls golf championships.\""
"6323" "\"The next day, the headline read, “One-time CT liberal Toby Moffett still representing Egyptian Generals despite the violence against democratic protests.”\""
"6324" "\"For example, a recent dinner offer at a Scottsdale steakhouse received so many replies that it generated a wait list.\""
"6325" "\"Republican leaders and Vikings representatives were hard to find at the Capitol for a couple of hours. Then Lester Bagley, the Vikings vice president of public affairs and stadium development, held a news conference to say that the team had provided information requested by Dean but that there was nothing secret or unusual about those discussions.\""
"6326" "\"Mark Allen Lewis, 87, of Stottlemyer Road, Garfield, Md., passed away Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2011, at his home.\""
"6327" "\"Giffords is compassionate, Poteet says, listening to her motherhood woes.\""
"6328" "\"The Ohio Health Care Association began airing an ad last week that blasts the governor for proposing to cut more than $400 million from nursing homes.\""
"6329" "\"Wandering along Cannon Beach, on Oregon's northern coast, you'll see many of the state's famous sea stacks, vertical rock columns jutting up offshore or from the pale gray beach itself. Locals say Haystack Rock, at 235 feet tall, is the third-largest intertidal monolith in the world. From April to October, the upper reaches of Haystack Rock hold the burrows of endangered tufted puffins raising chicks. At its base year-round, volunteers give visitors information about the tidal pools. From about two hours before low tide till one hour after, they point out purple and orange starfish, green sea anemones and other intertidal dwellers.\""
"6330" "\"The New Jersey office is the company headquarters, but there are four other Priority Payrolls across the nation -- in Allentown, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, North Carolina and St. Louis. Plans are in the works to open a sixth office in Phoenix this summer.\""
"6331" "\"Wolverine, with commitments arranged by J.P. Morgan Securities and Wells Fargo Securities, plans to fund the transaction with cash and debt financing. Wolverine's financing includes $900 million in a term loan, according to its webcast.\""
"6332" "\"For an employee earning $120,000, the contribution would be 12 percent, or $2,280, in the first year, rising to 30 percent, or $5,700 in the seventh year.\""
"6333" "\"The former Massachusetts governor struggled through a prolonged primary this winter and spring, fending off challenges from the right, particularly in Southern states. But Romney all but sealed the contest after a win in Wisconsin's primary in early April. Santorum decided to leave the race ahead of the primary in his home state of Pennsylvania and endorsed Romney in an email to supporters Monday night.\""
"6334" "\"That includes heading a photo team at the U.S. Open golf championship for the Pebble Beach company and shooting the Concours d'Elegance for Rolex, who will send him to Florida in February to cover its prestigious 24-Hour Event, \\"the equivalent to LeMans in America,\\" O'Neal noted. He has also has Pebble Beach landscapes on display at Images Gallery in the Lodge at Pebble Beach.\""
"6335" "\"But Assistant U.S. Attorney Dustin Chao said without Friedlander’s involvement, there would have been no way to launder all the money Dwek had brought to the table.\""
"6336" "\"Shikora said any caloric restriction will lead to weight loss.\""
"6337" "\"Its football team, the Mainland Mustangs, is scheduled to open its season Sept. 9. In 2008, the team won the South Jersey Group IV sectional championship. A candlelight vigil is to be held at the team's home field Sunday night, 8 p.m.\""
"6338" "\"Rush created an iconic image - hooded and in sunglasses - in the well of the House. A minister, he said the well to him represents an \\"altar\\" for \\"the American people.\\"\""
"6339" "\"Others are even less happy.\""
"6340" "\"I believe overly restrictive diets are mostly doomed to failure. A lot of folks lose a lot of weight at the outset. But most often the weight returns, sometimes plus a bit.\""
"6341" "\"PM BBQ\""
"6342" "\"That appears to be the case on Wall Street, as the best start for stocks since 1998 — the Dow Jones industrial average was up 8 percent in the first quarter — has turned into a springtime swoon.\""
"6343" "\"In just two days, Alec Baldwin and I have taken our cracked and perverse relationship to the next level.\""
"6344" "\"Firefighters and police officers at the scene tried knocking of the door repeatedly and called the residence's phone number, but according to records, no one answered.\""
"6345" "\"Brunswick and Medina high school track teams both put up strong showings at the 57th annual Comet Relays at Amherst High School.\""
"6346" "\"Last month Goldberg named Tina Edlund, a longtime health policy analyst, as deputy director for the Oregon Health Authority. Like Carter's role, this is also a newly created position.\""
"6347" "\"Put together, the allegations were an embarrassment for an American president on foreign soil and threatened to upend White House efforts to keep his trip focused squarely on boosting economic ties with fast-growing Latin America. Obama was holding two days of meetings at the Summit of the Americas with leaders from across the vast region before heading back to Washington Sunday night.\""
"6348" "\"\\"Look at this, look at all the damage,\\" said Jennifer Burckson, 49, after she came outside Sunday morning in South Windsor to find a massive tree branch had smashed her car's back windshield. Trees in the neighborhood snapped in half, with others weighed down so much that the leaves brushed the snow.\""
"6349" "\"\\"Sitting at home against BYU was kind of heartbreaking for me,\\" Pulfer said. \\"I vowed then that I wasn't ever going to sit at home again.\\"\""
"6350" "\"The runner-up Butler Bulldogs forgot their lines when cast as the Hickory Huskers of \\"Hoosiers.\\" Jimmy Chitwood didn't come back to the team, bringing his velvety shooting touch with him. No one did.\""
"6351" "\"Peculiar because, at the same time he's seeking to revive this panel, Gov. Dannel Malloy's administration is feverishly handing out new tax breaks and incentives like \\"forgivable loans\\" to companies promising at least 200 new jobs over five years.\""
"6352" "\"-- The Kings and Blues are similar in system and approach; it's just that the Kings are playing a superior version of that style of hockey. And the Kings are further along on the progression curve because of their overall experience level and more extensive mileage in postseason hockey. (Again, this is the Kings' third consecutive excursion in the postseason, and that tends to season a team and give the players a true understanding of what it takes to go far at this time of year. In short: the Kings this season were able to do to the Blues what the Blues did to most other teams. The Kings are just a more advanced version of the Blues. I'm not the only one that failed to take that into account before the series.\""
"6353" "\"As far as deciding which side of the street the sidewalk will go, he says, “I don’t want the decision process to turn into a popularity contest. This sidewalk should be built right.”\""
"6354" "\"\\"He's gotten bigger and stronger,\\" Pfund said. \\"He's got a chance to be dominating. As long as he stays healthy, I'm expecting great things from him. He has a great pitcher's body.\\"\""
"6355" "\"In last night's drawing, 47 tickets across the nation — including two in New Jersey — matched five regular numbers but not the Mega ball, according to the Mega Millions website. Each of those tickets is worth $250,000.\""
"6356" "\"Malta is the smallest country in the European Union. A World News article Saturday about development of a former industrial site at Belval, Luxembourg, incorrectly identified Luxembourg as the smallest EU nation.\""
"6357" "\"505 SPRING ST $35,100\""
"6358" "\"The current release of the GMA, from the 2008 harvest, was made with 33 percent grenache, 33 percent mourvèdre and 34 percent alicante bouschet, yielding a wine as plush, varied and comforting as a Victorian parlor. (Two years ago, the 2007 version of the wine was named Best Red Rhône Blend at the California State Fair commercial wine competition.)\""
"6359" "\"In 2011, four \\"celebrity bloggers\\" were recruited to advocate for saints who made it to the Final Four. Eight bloggers were invited for this year's tournament, and they do almost all of the writing and research for Lent Madness.\""
"6360" "\"2. Hot tech toys\""
"6361" "\"The Cardinals' 3-0 lead assures there will be at least one.\""
"6362" "\"I often watch the TV show \\"Animal Patrol,\\" not for the sensationalism, but to help me wrap my head around the fact that we, human beings, can say we love our pets, and starve them, allow them to be flea- and tick-infested, dehydrated, tied to a tree in severe weather, frozen to trees, bred all their lives from their first heat never knowing what human touch feels like, thrown out of cars unwanted and allowed to wander aimlessly and confused, hit by cars and left by the side of the road, taught to attack just because their owner thinks it's macho, puppies and kittens acquired only because they're cute, households with pets living in their own feces.\""
"6363" "\"That's when Brown was inducted as a member of the Rock Hall's inaugural class. Per inauguration rules, an act or performer is eligible 25 years after the release of its debut record.\""
"6364" "\"Possible first pick: DT Mike Martin.\""
"6365" "\"Nonprofit leaders call them \\"the greatest generation of volunteers.\\" Largely retirees who often worked one job for life, they've brought the same dedication to unpaid service. Now, while more than 1.5 million Minnesotans volunteer, one of the largest numbers in the nation, few are sticking with an organization more than a few years.\""
"6366" "\"The minute detail of municipal workings \\"may not be an area of evidence that is going to be very useful,\\" Judge Howard Morrison said.\""
"6367" "\"However, a Para state court on Monday ordered the arrests and jailing of former police Lt. Col. Mario Pantojo and former Maj. Jose de Oliveira. Officials said Pantojo had already presented himself at a jail and that Oliveira would do so on Tuesday. Both were convicted more than five years ago and sentenced to over 100 years each for their leadership role over the officers who carried out the 19 killings and for wounding another 69 landless peasants. But they have managed to remain free using the Brazilian legal system's extensive appeals process.\""
"6368" "\"Red Sox\""
"6369" "\"After two rounds of bidding for Rocky Gap attracted no qualified bidders, lawmakers sweetened the deal by cutting the state's share of slots revenue from 67 percent to 50 percent and offering other incentives.\""
"6370" "\"Belleville police would not provide additional details about the shooting. It was the third fatal shooting involving a child in the St. Louis region in recent days.\""
"6371" "\"Brown, too, cites the economy.\""
"6372" "\"A sampling of some of the controversies town councils have dealt with gives a clear indication of the difficulties, and downright dangers, of suburban life. In Ellisville, you might have to dodge an \\"atlatl,\\" a modern version of a primitive spear used to hunt wildlife.\""
"6373" "\"“Winning this one was so special,” the Murry Bergtraum senior said after Bergtraum beat McKee/Staten Island Tech for its 14th straight title. “I knew she was there with me.”\""
"6374" "\"Only nine races have been held since the Planned Parenthood controversy, but an Associated Press survey of affiliates for the Dallas-based charity showed that a downward trend is already taking shape.\""
"6375" "\"\\"They kinda suggested, don't hang up. The more you write, the more evidence we have,\\" Moore said.\""
"6376" "\"She's 15 years in the grave now, cancer. She lived a hard life, a rough life. I bet you know I blame myself for that. We spoke over the years, until her death, we maintained our friendship, talked of our lives. Always her voice a pleasure to hear, a lift. I miss her.\""
"6377" "\"Would the Rockets really have become a contender if they got Gasol and Nene? It's hard to say, especially with a new coach in Kevin McHale, although you would expect big men to flourish under him.\""
"6378" "\"The school system will take over operations at six centers attached to schools and the quasi-public Family League is slated to take over 10 centers.\""
"6379" "\"Organizer and Tampa native Victor Padilla said he welcomes contestants from Miami. He acknowledges both the Miami and Tampa varieties as valid, so long as basic ingredients are respected. His own favorite is the way his Cuban abuelita used to make it — with the salami and both mustard and mayo, and buttered and pressed.\""
"6380" "\"Costanzo does a little of everything - producer, bass, keyboard, drums, DJ. Lagemann is the rapper of the group and plays a little guitar. Albrecht is not in the band proper but serves as its creative director.\""
"6381" "\"\\"The trees have been through a lot this summer,\\" said Dan Zarlenga, media specialist with the Missouri Department of Conservation. \\"High heat, low rain, it may have some effect because of the stress.\""
"6382" "\"After the round Lewis said that first drive was his best shot of the day, en route to an 81 on Thursday. He tees off today at 11:08 a.m. and will have to have the round of his \\"life\\" to make the cut, he said.\""
"6383" "\"\\"For prices to continue their ascent, a new event or exacerbation of existing events will be necessary,\\" said Richard Soultanian of NUS Consulting. \\"Should this come to pass, we believe prices will spike.\\"\""
"6384" "\"It didn't work out that way. I was talking to her because of certain problems in her life. She seems like a nice young woman, but she is not tripping down the street smiling at everybody she meets. Instead, she's doing her best, but struggling.\""
"6385" "\"The Chesapeake founder will remain as chief executive. The board is looking for a nonexecutive chairman.\""
"6386" "\"An initiative written by Stanford University professors to scale back California's tough Three Strikes Law has garnered more than 830,000 signatures of support, virtually ensuring the measure will make the November ballot and triggering the state's latest struggle over how harshly criminals should be treated.\""
"6387" "\"After Enron's collapse in 2002 and subsequent liquidation efforts, city leaders attempted to take control of the plant. The Beaverton City Council approved an aggressive purchase plan in March 2004, claiming they intended to own it temporarily and would sell it to private industry as soon as possible.\""
"6388" "\"\\"A lot of great things have started in garages in Silicon Valley,\\" Lee says. \\"So I figured I'd use mine to set up a boudoir photography studio.\\"\""
"6389" "\"Al-Asiri has been previously tied to a failed bombing attempt last Christmas Day on a Detroit-bound plane and an earlier failed attempt to kill a Saudi counterterrorism official.\""
"6390" "\"Los Angeles County Capt. Patrick Maxwell said Thursday that investigators were \\"heartbroken\\" and \\"torn up\\" emotionally by the case and the fact that Amber would land back in California's foster-care system. He doubted she would be reunited with relatives, who child-welfare officials may consider a danger to the girl.\""
"6391" "\"It's not often someone thanks me for providing them with experience being interviewed. Mary Driemeyer, a physical education teacher at Sappington Elementary School in South County, did just that when I visited Jan. 5.\""
"6392" "\"“The bottom line is they get the same funding as our public schools and charter schools, but there's no brick-and-mortar,” Slavens said. “It's such a for-profit business, and education shouldn't be for profit.”\""
"6393" "\"He is survived by wife Dorothy, son Donn, daughter Cathy Crofts and three grandchildren.\""
"6394" "\"The classics: Aside from thick wrappers (everything is intended to take away), dumplings (50-60 cents each) are balanced and well textured, and plump siu mai are packed with rich pork flavor. The popular egg custards (55 cents each) vanish quickly, but their toothsome, flaky dough and delicate custard would make any patissier proud.\""
"6395" "\"Heimuli is making things interesting for Karrington Armstrong and Hroniss Grasu, the two players vying for the starting center spot. Heimuli has manned the middle of the defensive line with the first unit, along with Taylor Hart at tackle and ends Brandon Hanna and Dion Jordan. (Defensive end Terrell Turner will miss the entire spring, coach Chip Kelly said, with a leg injury.)\""
"6396" "\"Naomi Pomeroy's foray on Bravo's \\"Top Chef Masters\\" has brought her a new, national set of fans and haters both. Ah, the comforts of home! Here, Pomeroy can carefully prepare and present dishes with no manufactured challenges or surprise constraints. Although the menu adjusts each week, expect pleasing presentations and tiny, pop-in-the-mouth treats like a \\"foie gras bon bon\\" topped with a cube of salt-sprinkled Sauternes gelee.\""
"6397" "\"This will be the second winter in which county workers have applied the brining solution to roads before a possible winter storm.\""
"6398" "\"Q: What about family vacations?\""
"6399" "\"\\"I think we kind of ran out of steam,\\" Ladue coach Corey Miller said. \\"I think we showed we can play.\\"\""
"6400" "\"\\"Where the Wild Things Are,\\" about a boy named Max who goes on a journey — sometimes a rampage — through his own imagination after he is sent to bed without supper, was quite controversial when it was published, and his quirky and borderline scary illustrations for E.T.A. Hoffmann's \\"Nutcracker\\" did not have the sugar coating featured in other versions.\""
"6401" "\"13\""
"6402" "\"I've never been a college football playoff advocate. This is the sport that always will possess a shred of subjectivity. There's nothing wrong with that. Not everything in sports must be determined with no room for debate. But if a playoff is inevitable, then it's important it remain at four teams.\""
"6403" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Want a chance to play nine holes with Tiger Woods after being outfitted with a set of Nike clubs and golf apparel from head-to-toe?\""
"6404" "\"Digital projectors. Computer monitors. Giant TVs. Tiny LCD screens.\""
"6405" "\"øThe average work week was unchanged at 34.5 hours in April and average hourly earnings rose by 1 cent to $23.38.\""
"6406" "\"The first hotel so designated in May was Le Bristol, a Second Empire edifice on the fashionable Rue du Faubourg St.-Honoré. I toured it too because Le Bristol just finished a renovation, expanding into another wing and creating new quarters overlooking a French garden for its Michelin three-star restaurant. Le Bristol, opened in 1925, preserves the dignified grand hotel tradition; it has been owned by the same family since 1978. Its guest rooms are large, quiet and lush; old master paintings and tapestries; a small army of uniformed doormen; more floral arrangements than a funeral; and a house kitten.\""
"6407" "\"Dat Nguyen, an information technology employee with the city who used to be assigned to the transportation bureau, said, \\"I think it's a very dark time for transportation. It's concerning that management kind of protects their own, and not look out for the greater good of the citizens of Portland.\\"\""
"6408" "\"During summer months, especially in Los Angeles, outdoor spaces become home to everything from afternoons by the pool to dinner parties with friends and family. Finding the perfect storage solutions for all your necessities — from beach towels and rafts to serveware and beverages — brings organization to outdoor activities and keeps summer entertaining simple and fun. When choosing your outdoor storage, look for adaptable pieces that can serve a variety of functions.\""
"6409" "\"“Yeah, I wouldn’t call Roger a mentor,” Cameron says, laughing. “Basically he’d just come in and yell at you occasionally. But that was good too. It was all very Darwinian: put up, or shut up. And you were just thrilled to be working. When I got ‘Piranha II,’ I was so happy. I promptly got fired, but that was okay. At least I’d directed something.”\""
"6410" "\"Mayor Alicia Aguirre said the new homes and the residents they will bring are all a part of the city's revitalization efforts.\""
"6411" "\"9 a.m.: The Detroit City Council is to discuss tentative agreements ratified by several unions.\""
"6412" "\"Four days later, Brown had her last supervised visit with her children. She was on crutches.\""
"6413" "\"The one thing someone may not know about him: \\"Although I may not look it, I am actually a quarter Korean -- most people don't believe me when I tell them.\\"\""
"6414" "\"\\"We think it has gone very well,\\" Cavs GM Chris Grant said. \\"We're happy with the coaching staff, front office and the players. Our guys have been very competitive. It has fit nicely into our process. Obviously it's an advantage to have players play down there who aren't getting as many minutes here. They've played great. I think it has worked extremely well. ... I think it has exceeded our expectations.\\"\""
"6415" "\"Commitment. My Webster's dictionary defines it as a pledge or promise, engagement, involvement. To commit is to pledge oneself to a course of action. Over the course of 1,000 columns, I've grown convinced that commitment to savings, far more than money smarts, is the No. 1 prerequisite for money success and financial peace of mind.\""
"6416" "\"Kinzel's stewardship of the amusement parks themselves has been \\"remarkable over the years,\\" said longtime shareholder Janie Riffle of Bellevue, Ohio. She called Cedar Point the best amusement park in the country - clean, well-staffed and well-managed. But even Kinzel admits, she said, that \\"he's not a financial wizard.\\"\""
"6417" "\"At the same time, dissidents have complained bitterly about what they call a lack of outside help to arm the rebel combatants. The government, meanwhile, describes the rebels as foreign-backed \\"terrorists.\\"\""
"6418" "\"The color is elegant and balanced between light and dark. The aroma is a blend of pretty floral components and richer fresh plum, dark cherry and a hint of dark chocolate. The taste dances across the palate. It's bright with fruit acid and complex with notes of the aromatics. 90 points.\""
"6419" "\"Richard Balbier*, Mary Lee Bowen, Thomas Murphy, George Poporad, Kathleen Pucci\""
"6420" "\"Although Black Friday is often a great opportunity to cross wanted items off a holiday list and replace donated toys, parents walk a delicate balance between wanting to give their children everything they want and raising young people with a sense of financial responsibility.\""
"6421" "\"After a grim 2009 tournament that featured just 27 tries in nine games, the 2010 competition produced 52, a record for the 16-year-old event. This year's tournament maintained that trend, with 26 tries in just six games. In addition, the number of passes has increased by 35% since 2009 and the average time that the ball is in play has increased by more than two minutes per match.\""
"6422" "\"This former Republican is disenchanted with Obama and his inability to move the economy forward or to address the growing federal deficit. Yet, having fled from the GOP, she is reluctant to return.\""
"6423" "\"Longtime local environmental advocate Jeffrey R. Miller takes his passions nationally -- he sits on the board of the National Recycling Coalition -- and to his own Eagle Creek neighborhood, where he helps keep a pond algae-free, repairs a fence in advance of a neighborhood cleanup and picks up after his new puppy.\""
"6424" "\"Q. Some off it comes down to the individuals. They think their jobs are going to India. Are they?\""
"6425" "\"The school district suspended Crosley with pay when he was arrested in April. His contract with the district was not renewed this school year, school officials said Wednesday.\""
"6426" "\"September: Trestles, San Clemente\""
"6427" "\"Eye of the beholder\""
"6428" "\"Those schools simply cannot operate at the new, leaner teacher to student ratio used to determine how many teachers each school can hire, they said. And the district can't justify giving Humboldt five more teachers than the staffing formula calls for, Smith said.\""
"6429" "\"It was only many decades later that it was learned that the high mortality rate in Haworth was linked to poisonous runoff from the St. Michael's graveyard into the town's water wells.\""
"6430" "\"Trade-off: It's not like I can tie a rolled up carpet to my bike basket. Where do I take it?\""
"6431" "\"The city will build the playground in Westhoff Park on Sheppard Drive. The O'Fallon-based Unlimited Play corporation is designing the project and helping with fundraising. The playground will cost about $827,000. The city is providing $315,000, with a matching grant of $250,000. Unlimited Play and the city will raise the remaining $262,000 this year.\""
"6432" "\"Libya's transitional government has offered salaries to former fighters who helped topple Gadhafi and is trying to integrate them into a national force, so far with patchy success.\""
"6433" "\"And since 1994, he admits, \\"We've broadened the menu a bit. It was a little too narrow.\\"\""
"6434" "\"And while he credits digital advances as \\"primarily why more missing kids come home safely today,\\" he adds that here are some vital, no-tech methods that can help prevent a kid from disappearing.\""
"6435" "\"A soon-to-be married couple ware having professional pictures taken of them this past Monday in Manasquan, right by the Point Pleasant Beach inlet, when they happened to run into Mr. Springsteen. Bruce used the soon-to-be groom’s guitar to serenade the couple. We haven't heard what song he sang to them.\""
"6436" "\"Volunteers are the lifeblood of organizations such as the MMS, and fundraisers are essential. Schoelkopf said his center still manages to get by, holding regular fundraisers and soliciting donations.\""
"6437" "\"-- The presence of Celtics fans at the Rose Garden is painfully noticeable.\""
"6438" "\"Meanwhile, FBI agents in green camouflage, carrying high-powered rifles joined K-9 units and SWAT teams in a search of the woods and back roads of north Mississippi near Mayes' home.\""
"6439" "\"\\"The community college and the technical college are ideas we're definitely going to run with,\\" Hayes said. \\"It's going to benefit our residents. The other part would be the multifamily and senior units. We have identified there's definitely a need for that.\\"\""
"6440" "\"Size: 6,600 square feet.\""
"6441" "\"Oeltjenbruns said she saw no increased police presence on nearby streets, and she believes she would have noticed.\""
"6442" "\"You don't have to shoot me, Baldwin said. He handed over his wallet. Then the young man asked for his cellphone. Baldwin gave him his iPhone.\""
"6443" "\"I'll keep following the story. For more information — how to help and what else has been donated — visit orlandosentinel.com/takingnames.\""
"6444" "\"Construction workers die in accidents on the job — five last year (which the city lauded as a 73 percent improvement over the death toll in 2008). In one incident last November, a building going up in Brighton Beach crumbled, killing one man and injuring several others; the owners had ignored a DOB stop-work order.\""
"6445" "\"Safeway is committed to providing our customers with the highest-quality products. While the USDA and food industry experts agree that lean finely textured beef is safe and wholesome, recent news stories have caused considerable consumer concern about this product. Safeway will no longer purchase ground beef containing lean finely textured beef.\""
"6446" "\"Yes, Emmert and Smeets have \\"the right stuff.\\"\""
"6447" "\"It seems that Texas Pacific Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts have jammed so much debt down the gullet of a Texas utility, the company is having difficulty making its bond payments. Texas Pacific and KKR bought TXU Corp. for $45 billion.\""
"6448" "\"Even as rules for cheerleaders have limited the height of pyramids and moves in which athletes are tossed into the air, the most athletic, performance-oriented brands of cheerleading are growing the fastest.\""
"6449" "\"Everyone's in a good mood before the American Cancer Society ball. The ladies go shopping and get Sally a dress because she wants to go to the ball with her \\"papa.\\" \\"Papa\\" said the French way.\""
"6450" "\"One recent posting advertised a private chef of 20 years named Katie, who would cater to any dietary need — and was willing to cook for vegans and carnivores alike: “Brazilian coconut dish that is just to die for! Stews, lasagna, meatballs!” With recession-chic prices — $120 for six hours and seven dishes — it appears anyone’s dietary dreams can come true.\""
"6451" "\"In an attempt to grade success, The Plain Dealer matched draft lists with a decade of AP All-Pro teams from 2002 to 2011. That's a high bar to set -- finding an All-Pro -- but what NFL general manager wouldn't be thrilled with that outcome? Special teams players were excluded because most were undrafted free agents.\""
"6452" "\"Bates had to have the entire structure re-engineered, down to new footings and beams. When she removed the dropped ceiling, out came 18 inches of sawdust used as insulation.\""
"6453" "\"It's primarily a brewery, but Gordon Biersch also is known for having a great mix of food, from Cajun to Asian. The menu ranges from blackened ahi tuna and hummus to goat-cheese salad and pasta jambalaya. Wash it all down with one of the five Bavarian-style craft lagers on tap.\""
"6454" "\"Milone left after 4﻿2/3 innings, having allowed a career-high eight runs (seven earned) and eight hits.\""
"6455" "\"Johnette Howard, ESPN.com: \\"It was an extraordinary sight when Jets coach Rex Ryan publicly admitted he lost the ‘pulse' of the locker room and vowed to change after they spiraled out of the playoffs last season. But Ryan proved he learned nothing by signing off on the Jets' nonsensical trade for Tim Tebow Wednesday, and then passing on a gift chance to bail on the deal when the two teams hit a financial snag later in the day. It just proves Ryan couldn't find the pulse of his own locker room if he had a stethoscope hooked up to loudspeakers. And neither can his bosses. If anything, this deal proves Ryan has gotten more tone deaf about how to run a team.\\"\""
"6456" "\"\\"I believe that in many ways we're heading in the wrong direction,\\" said Muse, focusing on a loss of manufacturing jobs and education. \\"We need change and we need it now.\\"\""
"6457" "\"And, Daiutolo said, “it does not impact street delivery at all.”\""
"6458" "\"Hours:11 a.m.-10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, 11 a.m.- 11 p.m. Friday and Saturday. The Sacramento River and the Elk Grove restaurants are both open until midnight on Friday and Saturday.\""
"6459" "\"The Fantasy is the twin of the Disney Dream, which debuted a year ago. The Fantasy and Dream are the line's first new vessels since it launched in 1998 with two ships.\""
"6460" "\"Some of the money went toward the couple's country club and business, though some was in personal and corporate accounts, prosecutors said. Susan Hustead is scheduled to be sentenced Monday.\""
"6461" "\"Whenever the Bears encounter a big scorer, they send forth Gutierrez to determine what the fellow had for lunch, so close does he stick to the man he's guarding.\""
"6462" "\"“I have to get to the front of the net and be in the right place at the right time,” said No. 10. “This is so important for us. I’m going to do my best.\""
"6463" "\"Documents obtained by the Tribune showed the investigator missed key elements of the parallel police investigation into previous alleged abuse and accepted the mother's explanation for his injuries despite medical experts' suspicions.\""
"6464" "\"\\"It's still up in the air,\\" Lau said of whether they will be able to reach a settlement that day. \\"We're just not sure.\\"\""
"6465" "\"\\"He was always a talented kid,\\" Zduriencik said. \\"If you look back on his record, even the first year he competed in the Midwest League way back when, he was an all-star. It is kind of remarkable to see the length of time he's been off to accomplish what he's accomplished.\""
"6466" "\"U.K. Athletics is renting San Clemente High facilities from the Capistrano Unified School District for three to four hours of daily workouts until Monday.\""
"6467" "\"Missouri's program became harder to enforce after state voters repealed the $500 loss limit in 2008. That meant patrons no longer had to show IDs and gain boarding cards to enter.\""
"6468" "\"\\"I've always had that connection,\\" she said.\""
"6469" "\"Anton said the classes, funded with a $2.9 million federal grant to Ocala's workforce development organization, have taught him a lot. He's learned how to apply Ohm's law, how to solder tiny components on circuit boards and how to disassemble rather than demolish a building.\""
"6470" "\"1 cup arugula, coarsely chopped\""
"6471" "\"The Wolverines got off to a strong start with their offensive line recruiting when the first two prospects to commit for the 2012 class were Rockford's Ben Braden and Cincinnati Oak Hills' Caleb Stacey. Ten other commitments have followed in the last two months, but none were offensive linemen.\""
"6472" "\"In 2009, Congress authorized a modification program for loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration that included shared appreciation, but the program flopped for a variety of reasons.\""
"6473" "\"The voting will be private. There will be a washer tournament.\""
"6474" "\"Did you seriously consider coming back for another season at UK?\""
"6475" "\"Louisa County is about 40 miles northwest of Richmond.\""
"6476" "\"From easy to a challenge, what bonds those who love to float down rivers is the exhilaration of freedom you feel in the connected moments.\""
"6477" "\"The attack began with a suicide car bomb near the gate of the privately guarded compound, which sits off Jalalabad road - one of the main thoroughfares out of the city, Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqi said.\""
"6478" "\"Q: Which nights are usually cooler, windy cloudy nights or calm cloudless nights?\""
"6479" "\"Put them all together, along with the other memories I have, and it all adds up to … I don’t know, it doesn’t seem quite right to call it a tragedy. Maybe “mystery” is more accurate.\""
"6480" "\"It might be bearable if (as in “Knight and Day”) there were even a fleeting moment of wit. Or if (as in “The Losers”) the picture accepted its own witlessness and even indulged it with a bit of camp or amusingly over-the-top action.\""
"6481" "\"But Mandel did not spend the night, said the spokesman, Travis Considine, adding that Mandel traveled using campaign funds, not taxpayer money. Considine said he did not know how much money Mandel raised at the Bahamas event.\""
"6482" "\"But it's the fraught relationships between the crooks and their molls and/or wives that pad the action and diffuse the film's potential tension. Only Boyd's rocky marriage to the radiant, long-suffering Doreen (an excellent Kelly Reilly) is worth its emotional close-up, despite a stock trajectory.\""
"6483" "\"\\"In the last few years, we've seen quite a few businesses close and some of that is through consolidation,\\" said John Overstreet, executive director of the Indoor Tanning Association. \\"Some of it was because there was a little bit of overbuilding in the latter part of the '90s and early 2000s.\\"\""
"6484" "\"DeSantis said she just moved to the area two weeks ago from Maplewood and the victim welcomed her to the neighborhood.\""
"6485" "\"But Marissa Miller had a one-on-one chat with the commander-in-chief and posed for pictures with him. She had an unfair advantage: A real beaut of a shiner under her left eye.\""
"6486" "\"Concerning Times Staff Writer David Karas’ report “Surviving in the ‘triangle’ — Up to 200 of the city’s homeless walk between 3 agencies daily” (April 30), and the editorial that responded to it, “Helping those caught in ‘triangle,’ ” (May 1), it’s important to provide a larger context.\""
"6487" "\"We dipped our hands in the warm water, and tiny glowing drops ran down our arms. Our guide called it \\"pixie dust.\\"\""
"6488" "\"This is a small-plates concept that works. And with tabletop real estate limited, the best strategy is to order your food in flights, just as you would wines.\""
"6489" "\"Six years later, there's been no regret. Far from it.\""
"6490" "\"\\"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility,\\" Mr. Obama, in an implicit bit of confidence that he will win a second term.\""
"6491" "\"Josefa Cisallina Mingo was hit by the eastbound NJ Transit bus around 6 a.m. near the intersection of Springfield Avenue and New Street, according to Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray.\""
"6492" "\"Quick, 57, ran in and finished his fourth Boston Marathon last Monday. He ran his slowest Boston time, 4:21, but was pleased nonetheless to accomplish his primary goal in the oppressive high-80s heat.\""
"6493" "\"Last week, she drove through the floodway surrounded by acres of soybeans planted just a week earlier. Already the green sprouts had pushed their way through the dirt.\""
"6494" "\"Still, look again with a suspicious mind at the new Ohio congressional districts Statehouse Republicans drew. (The political Picasso was most likely U.S. House Speaker John Boehner, whose 8th District looks like a vise with Montgomery County in its jaws.)\""
"6495" "\"When our server checked back she was pleased to see that we had eaten most of the udon, and beamed like a proud parent. With the cozy interior, home-style dishes and familiar service, Maki offers diners a place in their home.\""
"6496" "\"\\"I don't like to say that we're undefeated because with that comes a lot of meaning behind it, and I don't want to get too hotheaded about it,\\" Kincer said. \\"I just want to go out there and play hard.\\"\""
"6497" "\"More than 15,000 visitors are expected to come to Eugene, Ore., for the Olympic Track and Field Trials, June 21-July 1. Tickets to the Trials are on sale now at http://tracktown12.gotracktownusa.com. Single-day tickets range from $37 to $67; tickets for the entire 10-day sessions range from $275 to $525. Hayward Field will add temporary bleachers as it is expanded to handle the crowds.\""
"6498" "\"Another Portland park ranger told police that the two rangers were confronting O'Donnell about allegations that he had been exposing himself and harassing female hikers in Forest Park when he pulled out a six-inch knife and allegedly attempted to attack both rangers.\""
"6499" "\"A central question in this controversy is whether a smartphone should act merely as a conduit of location data to service providers and approved applications — or as a more active participant by storing the data itself, to make location-based applications run more smoothly or help better target mobile ads or any number of other uses.\""
"6500" "\"Taxpayers spend money housing and feeding someone they shouldn't. They can end up paying even more in compensation if innocence is later proven.\""
"6501" "\"øAbout 31% of the burial skulls display an inherited line where bone plates meet, above the forehead, showing they were related, Papathanasiou says. And the noggins show a lot of signs of healed bumps and cuts, she adds. \\"They fought a lot.\\"\""
"6502" "\"This outspokenness is welcome and unusual: The majority of rape victims never tell the authorities, and only 2 percent of victims who are incapacitated tell the police, according to the Department of Justice.\""
"6503" "\"The judge’s tongue-lashing came after the 41-year-old witness, who has a criminal history spanning 28 years, said he didn’t know whether he could get his sentence reduced if he cooperated with federal authorities. Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish jumped to his feet, telling Martini, \\"I think Mr. Bergin’s being a little disingenuous.\\"\""
"6504" "\"The command post for the search forced the closure of Route 547 where it crosses with Route 195. Police and rescue workers used the parking area of the Kelle Chevrolet dealership off Route 195 as a base-camp to set up tents and cooling stations. The Red Cross was providing food and water to those involved in the search.\""
"6505" "\"\\"All too often, jazz is taught with a pre-historic date stamped on it, like 'Way back in 1912 or 1947, this happened in jazz,'\\" says the Solon native, via phone from his home in New York. \\"If you want kids to embrace it, you have to put right there in front of them.\\"\""
"6506" "\"Footnote. Andrew Bynum's performance in four games against the Nuggets this season has been impressive. He has averaged 24.8 points and 11.8 rebounds. But he realizes the double- and triple-teams are coming in this series. He said he's ready for whatever the Nuggets throw at him.\""
"6507" "\"Even with this long list of caveats, Schiff's construction of Cleopatra's story is a revealing portrait of a woman who \\"for a fleeting moment . . . held the fate of the Western World in her hands.\\"\""
"6508" "\"When families travel, the kids will be all right — if you don't push them too far.\""
"6509" "\"Tampa, Fla.\""
"6510" "\"-- About UCF: The Knights scored a school-record eight touchdowns during a 62-0 win over Charleston Southern. UCF has a strong leader in sophomore dual-threat quarterback Jeff Godfrey. The Knights also have no less than five elite rushing options, a powerful defensive line and an athletic secondary.\""
"6511" "\"Patrick Rishe, a sports economist at Webster University, said St. Louis probably will get a bigger economic boost than other cities with playoff teams.\""
"6512" "\"After a few minutes, Hancock surrendered the podium to allow the vigil to go on.\""
"6513" "\"Not cool. Not cool at all.\""
"6514" "\"The bottom line, folks in the U.P. say, is that Lansing takes a whole lot more in tax dollars than the U.P. gets back. And in this peninsula with only about 3% of the state's population but more than 30% of the land, that's just not cutting it.\""
"6515" "\"\\"Time will tell the kind of president he will end up being,\\" he said. \\"It is easy to love the president the first year when there is not a lot to measure the president with.\\"\""
"6516" "\"“Liza’s,” which ran at the Palace Theatre on Broadway in December 2008 and January 2009, was, in part, a tribute to the two women who exerted the greatest influence over Minnelli’s early development as a performer: her famous mother, Judy Garland, and her lesser-known godmother, Kay Thompson.\""
"6517" "\"So Courtney put his wine logo on the front of his boots and a gold tenor saxophone on the back. He's been getting attention ever since. At a wine event in Florida, organizers thought the boots were so cool they threatened to auction them off. When he wore them to a black-tie to-do in Dallas, even the Texans were impressed, he said.\""
"6518" "\"Spotlight on Juan Pablo Angel: The Colombian striker joined MLS as a designated player with the New York Red Bulls in 2007 and spent four seasons there, scoring 62 goals. Last season he went to the Los Angeles Galaxy (after New York signed Thierry Henry), but the Galaxy traded him to Chivas in August to make room for Robbie Keane. Angel, 36, scored seven goals in nine matches last season for Chivas but has missed five games this season with concussion symptoms. He returned to action last week, coming off the bench for 27 minutes.\""
"6519" "\"About Go Red For Women Go Red For Women is the American Heart Association's solution to save women's lives. With one out of three women still dying from heart disease, we are committed to fighting this No. 1 killer that is preventable. GoRedForWomen.org, a premier source of information and education, connects millions of women of all ages and gives them tangible resources to turn personal choices into life-saving actions. We encourage women and the men who love them to embrace the cause. For more information please visit GoRedForWomen.org or call 1-888-MY-HEART (1-888-694-3278). The movement is nationally sponsored by Macy's and Merck & Co., Inc.\""
"6520" "\"Most of the 800 new jobs announced last month are production positions that can be filled locally, said VW spokesman Scott Wilson. The 200 new jobs announced in January have already been filled largely from the Chattanooga area, he said.\""
"6521" "\"Born Walden Robert Cassotto in New York, Darin recorded more than 20 Top-40 singles, including his signature tunes \\"Mack The Knife\\" and \\"Beyond the Sea.\\" Between the late 1950s and the late ’60s, he morphed from teen pop idol to Las Vegas swinger to idealistic folk-rocker.\""
"6522" "\"Princeton will be assigned its seed and regional for the NCAA Tournament tonight.\""
"6523" "\"But that is only part of the truth. The other part is the Cavs might not be the best team for him. It is known now that they are not close to a title, it only seemed that way. He's 25 years old. The seasons are racing past. He's in his prime. Despite all the stats and the trades and the money spent, the Cavs are farther from a title than when he was 22.\""
"6524" "\"No decision on the appeal is expected until late winter or spring, and it's not yet clear on what grounds neighbors will argue their case. Fleck said he objects, in general, to storing food waste in a residential area. Neighbors could also take issue with one condition of Portland's approval -- a limit of 70 garbage-truck trips to and from the site per day.\""
"6525" "\"øSire: Tapit (Pulpit). Dam: Stormy Sunday (Sir Cat).\""
"6526" "\"In 1999, Jane and Leo moved to Stoneybrook Lodge in Corvallis, a town where they had always wanted to reside. Here, they made many new friends and enjoyed attending local plays, concerts and other community events. They enjoyed being members of St. Mary's Catholic Church. Her son, Joseph; and her husband, Leo preceded Jane in death. Survivors include her daughter, Kathy (Neil) Beutler of Salem; Mary (Scott) Hewitt of Loveland, Ohio; and Anne (Bob) Loewen of Corvallis; six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.\""
"6527" "\"SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico — Authorities in Aruba believe a missing American tourist is no longer alive and are seeking to extend a detention order for her travel companion as they seek witnesses who will help them build a case against him, a prosecutor on the Dutch Caribbean island said Friday.\""
"6528" "\"Attorneys for the plaintiffs say Countrywide Financial had all their clients' financial information including mortgage information, credit card, and Social Security numbers and birth dates.\""
"6529" "\"\\"No medical staff palpated his abdomen, which would have revealed the liver problem,\\" the suit notes. Dix died in February 2011. His sister, Michelle Lependorf, said Tuesday that she hopes the lawsuit will \\"serve as a catalyst for change for other inmates and their families.\\"\""
"6530" "\"\\"Normally, you call in creditors and say you have to cut a deal. If they don't, the other option is bankruptcy.\\"\""
"6531" "\"Peavy also said she became more active in attending board meetings when the controversy that surrounded the basketball team began last year. She said that and other issues in the district made her take an interest in joining the board.\""
"6532" "\"\\"It remains an open and serious question whether the military as an institution or the generals and ex-generals will stomach the idea - much less the reality - of a landslide by Aung San Suu Kyi and her party in 2015,\\" he said.\""
"6533" "\"\\"We need to address this with our partners. It's like having a spouse and not telling them you're running up a credit card,\\" Nelson said during the meeting. \\"People are motivated by money, and they are not stupid. And if they have alternatives, they're going to look at them.\\"\""
"6534" "\"Gay marriage: The Washington state Senate passed a bill to legalize same-sex marriage Wednesday night in a vote that was not as close as anticipated. Read more from Justin Runquist's report.\""
"6535" "\"\\"This points us to the validity of this investment and the fact it is having a positive impact,\\" said state Education Commissioner Lucille Davy.\""
"6536" "\"Now, poker players are an eccentric and suspicious breed, harder to talk to than cops ('And cops are who we're tryin' to avoid,' says Wayne Lowe, an Alabama gambler who was on hand for the Super Bowl of Poker at Caesars). You might say getting ahold of Slim was like 'tryin' to put a wildcat in a tobacco sack.'\""
"6537" "\"Team sources were adamant on the topic before the trade to the Jets became finalized, telling the Post-Dispatch, \\"Way too much has been made\\" of the Rams' purported interest in Tebow. The Rams were poking around mainly to get a read on which teams were seriously interested in trading for Tebow, according to the sources.\""
"6538" "\"A young boy, flames clinging to his body, ran from the home, said Dietra Jackson, Carden’s mother, who escaped safely into the darkness outside. She said she ran to the boy and dropped and rolled him the ground.\""
"6539" "\"Stride Rite\""
"6540" "\"The attorney noted that the Findlays could not say for certain what cleanup measures were taken, or when. He suggested the remediation occurred much earlier than they suggested.\""
"6541" "\"Told then \\"that I would never walk or run again,\\" Rogers is now an avid runner herself. Calling herself a \\"serial entrepreneur who bought and sold three companies,\\" Rogers moved here three years ago and recently got married. The running festival is not her latest business venture but an event that helps in her recovery from the horrific accident.\""
"6542" "\"The Dart rolls into showrooms next month with cushy materials, sculpted seats, electronic blind-spot alert, and sporty handling and performance.\""
"6543" "\"Paul has yet to win any primaries or caucuses.\""
"6544" "\"FORT MYERS, Fla. -- Cardinals starter Adam Wainwright struck out former batting champ Joe Mauer and was able to assert his health through two shutout innings this afternoon.\""
"6545" "\"On Tuesday, Nixon and Attorney General Chris Koster traveled the state announcing their support for legislation that failed by a large margin in the House last session.\""
"6546" "\"Reister attended the meeting with Mack to ask for help lobbying for the federal Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) grant, he said.\""
"6547" "\"Morrison says that some of the more popular items for Purim gift baskets include the sesame candy, halvah, Elite brand chocolates (a favorite from Israel), and of course, hamantashen, a filled cookie that is triangular in shape to represent (depending on your interpretation) either Haman's (the bad guy) ears or his tri-cornered hat.\""
"6548" "\"Leu Kelvin: RIP David Caouette. You will be remembered through your kind actions and deeds.\\"\""
"6549" "\"This story of a team is mostly about Rush, a high school hoops star who was cut from her team and who, in coaching the Macs, settled scores with the coach who didn't value her talents. One wishes that Chambers had more gracefully integrated the stories of the individual players into this celebration of Rush.\""
"6550" "\"Said Henry: \\"We had to go deeper. We backed off. It helped out a lot.\\"\""
"6551" "\"Without meaningful entitlement reform, an ever-increasing share of the government's budget and the nation's wealth will be eaten away by runaway costs and unsustainable obligations. No economy can grow or create jobs at its full potential when faced with such massive and expanding claims on its capital, credit and other resources.\""
"6552" "\"Major retailers have so far shunned downtown Oakland, preferring the big- box stores and shopping centers of neighboring Emeryville, commercial real estate brokers say. The tomb-like Sears department store at 20th and Broadway is a conspicuous example of downtown's retail failure.\""
"6553" "\"Absolutely. Male or female, a trip to the Rotunda's circular dining room inspires serious preening. The strawberries-and-Champagne aura that radiates from the famed dome of the Union Square department store makes people-watching especially entertaining.\""
"6554" "\"Then, he started begging to play.\""
"6555" "\"Using a signature to verify a person's identity in order for a provisional to count is unreliable, especially in cases of elderly voters who registered many years earlier and whose signature likely looks very different, said Denise Lieberman, a spokeswoman for Missourians for Fair Elections. This concern would also be true for voters with disabilities, she said.\""
"6556" "\"On day seven in \\"The Lifeboat,\\" Mr. Hardie asks for his first volunteer. \\"Volunteer yourself!\\" one woman responds angrily to his request for suicide. Grace notes, \\"For the first time since the day of the shipwreck, I felt profoundly afraid.\\"\""
"6557" "\"Sen. Raymond Lesniak (D-Union), a member of the Judiciary Committee who supported Wallace, said the governor informed the 68-year-old justice in person this morning.\""
"6558" "\"Kent State University: Roxia Boykin was appointed the president's ambassador, which is a program designed to bring distinguished minority professionals to the university for one academic year to share their experiences in diversity and their professional expertise to students and faculty. Boykin is vice president of community benefit and diversity for Summa Health System.\""
"6559" "\"Facial-recognition software is controversial. When Facebook Inc. began using the technology to automatically suggest tags for people in photos on the social-networking site, some users were outraged at what they viewed as a potential invasion of privacy. Some also worried about the potential for misidentifying people, especially in photos where subjects aren't facing the camera head-on.\""
"6560" "\"Dozens of food and beverage companies, slaughterhouses and chicken plants dot the Atlanta region from Coca-Cola downtown (9,000-plus employees) to Earthgrains Baking in Decatur (525 jobs) to American Proteins in Cumming (120 jobs).\""
"6561" "\"Beyond the prices and restrictions, these differences occasionally matter. On most big airlines, travelers on the more expensive tickets get priority status for standby seats, upgrades, premium seats, and such. Travelers on the very highest prices -- so called \\"full fare\\" tickets -- may be exempt from some baggage and other fees. Many foreign lines give only partial frequent flyer credit or even no credit to travelers on the least expensive tickets.\""
"6562" "\"That's a big issue. I know that multiple organizations have weighed in on it, and our mayor has been involved with discussions with the clinic. Anytime there's a major change in resources with the city, it's a worry. We're monitoring that on multiple levels. I just want to make sure that people still have access to care.\\"\""
"6563" "\"“It was always a dream of mine to play professionally. At this time last year I was hoping to play professionally, but it wasn’t something I was taking for granted that would just happen. I had to keep working hard.”\""
"6564" "\"After clearing the fairways, greens and tee boxes of trees and branches, the full course was back in play Friday. Officials said the lost revenue from the closings totaled $40,000.\""
"6565" "\"District American Kitchen and Wine Bar: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. May 13 at Mother's Day Brunch. A breakfast bar includes options like a made-to-order omelet station; a raw bar with oysters, seafood and sushi; prime rib; a mac and cheese station and assorted pastries. Assorted sweets and bottomless Bloody Marys and mimosas are offered. An a la carte menu is also available. Reservations required. Sheraton Phoenix Downtown Hotel 320 N. Third St., Phoenix. $29, $14.50 for children, free for age 5 and younger. 602-817-5400. www.districtrestaurant.com.\""
"6566" "\"Martin was appointed emergency manager of Highland Park Public Schools in January, but said he will begin spending time working at Detroit city hall starting Monday. His annual salary as CFO will be $220,000.\""
"6567" "\"\\"It was just an unbelievable summer, and I don't know how we could top this off next year, folks,\\" he said.\""
"6568" "\"Home opener is simply grand\""
"6569" "\"She hears frustration in his.\""
"6570" "\"Shortly before Christmas, the team will reassess the situation.\""
"6571" "\"To make the dressing: Preheat the oven to 300°. Line a baking sheet with foil. Cut the tomatoes in half widthwise and place cut side up on the baking sheet; trim the pointy tips so they will stand upright. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and roast until very tender, 1 1/2-2 hours. The longer they roast, the sweeter they get.\""
"6572" "\"The current government is the most stable Israel has had in years. But disagreements on a variety of domestic issues such as drafting the ultra-Orthodox into the military and tearing down illegal structures in West Bank settlements have led Netanyahu to move up elections by more than a year.\""
"6573" "\"Previous columns online: cleveland.com/columns\""
"6574" "\"\\"Through registration and contracts, customers would become more aware of who they are doing business with and if they have a reliable track record,\\" Schulte said.\""
"6575" "\"The chain, which helped pioneer the big-box bookseller concept, is seeking court approval to liquidate its stores after it failed to receive any bids that would keep it in business. The move adds Borders to the list of retailers that failed to adapt to changing consumers' shopping habits and survive the recession, including Circuit City Stores Inc., Mervyn's and Linens 'N Things.\""
"6576" "\"Gallman says: \\"Colleges have said I'm very fast, strong and I'm that guy who can make things happen anywhere on the field.\\"\""
"6577" "\"The day included lunch for participants and their families.\""
"6578" "\"\\"There is a worldview war in this country,\\" Becker said in an interview. \\"There's a battle between people who think religious people are trying to disrupt the integrity of the scientific method and those who know we're not.\\"\""
"6579" "\"The service runs on Clearwire's WiMax, which is available in 80 cities. NetZero's monthly data plans cost $10 for the 500-megabyte Basic; $20 for the 1-gigabyte Plus; $35 for the 2-gigabyte Pro; and $50 for the 4-gigabyte Platinum.\""
"6580" "\"1795 SW 144th Ave; 1,496 square feet; on 6/30/2011 for $299,079\""
"6581" "\"The announcement comes a day after Amy Senser, 45, was convicted of two felony counts of criminal vehicular homicide for the Aug. 23 accident that killed Anousone Phanthavong, 38. Senser was driving her husband's Mercedes when she struck Phanthavong as he was pouring gas into his stalled car on a dark freeway exit ramp.\""
"6582" "\"The EEOC lawsuit was filed before the agency knew how many employees would be part of the case. The agency sent letters to thousands of workers and eventually identified 270 women who were harassed, though only 150 showed up for depositions to testify about their experiences.\""
"6583" "\"\\"One of the worst in history,\\" Dipoto said.\""
"6584" "\"Memorial contributions may be made to Holy Family Home, 6707 State Road, Parma 44134.\""
"6585" "\"Instead, reforms should be \\"gradual\\" and \\"sensible.\\"\""
"6586" "\"The seventh-ranked Hilltoppers pulled within 11-10 with 12:20 left in the game on goals by Anna McGovern and Allison Moloney, who had four goals each. Cardozo responded when Chierico scored off a pass from Thalina Urena and Zhang scored coming across the goal mouth to extend the lead to 13-10 with 5:34 remaining. McGovern felt her team might have taken Cardozo a bit for granted after beating them last year in a scrimmage.\""
"6587" "\"To taste: Gundlach Bundschu offers two main tastings. The $5 Classic features Gewurztraminer, Merlot, a Mountain Cuvee red blend and Cabernet Sauvignon. For $10, you can choose six other varietals, such as Chardonnay, Zinfandel and Cabernet Franc.\""
"6588" "\"When I was a kid, Bo Jackson was one of my favorite players, not just because he was an astonishing blend of speed and power, but because I loved his six-shooter touchdown celebration. Kansas City defensive end Neil Smith and his \\"home run\\" sack dance are something I'll never forget. The thought of Deion Sanders high-stepping and tap dancing after an interception return still make me smile. The fact that Barry Sanders simply handed the ball to the referee after a score was great too, because it made him unique in his own classy, understated way. But I never once wished that the entire league behaved like Barry Sanders.\""
"6589" "\"This case was investigated by the United States Postal Inspection Service and the St. Louis County Police Department.\""
"6590" "\"Reis Kloeckener, 20, of St. Louis, came with a story that felt lifted straight from \\"Glee,\\" and that has been a popular headline the last two years. He was a bullied boy in high school until the school choir rescued him. Tyler said Kloeckener's version of Bill Withers' \\"Lean on Me\\" was so beautiful it made him cry, and off to Hollywood he went.\""
"6591" "\"Joey Coulter, George Cushman, Mike Harmon and Bobby Gerhart were treated and released at the infield care center after a 12-car crash just 11 laps in.\""
"6592" "\"Marquette had a 2-1 lead late in the second half before the Markers sent things into overtime on a jaw-dropping goal by Maria Redel with seconds left in regulation.\""
"6593" "\"On March 20, 2011 the United States joined France and Great Britain in an air attack against Libya, pursuant to UN Security Council Resolution 1973.\""
"6594" "\"Nook and Kindle e-readers are loaded only with adult titles. Color Nooks include books for children. Each is preloaded with up to 30 titles, said Laurie Hayes, library spokeswoman. The mix includes best-selling fiction and nonfiction, as well as longtime favorites. Borrowers will not be able to add books to the devices.\""
"6595" "\"The chicken and ham croquettes ($5.25), however, haven't stood the test of time. I love the crunchy exterior, but this time the center was liquid with a bechamel-like sauce, and I couldn't taste the star ingredients.\""
"6596" "\"Last week, police responded to a home invasion there and a shooting just outside the lobby.\""
"6597" "\"Obama was attending a New York fundraiser Monday with gay and lesbian donors hosted by singer Ricky Martin, his first fundraising event with gay supporters since his announcement. The president is scheduled to attend a major fundraiser with gay supporters in Los Angeles on June 6, with tickets priced as high as $25,000 per couple. Griffin, who is co-hosting the event, said he was confident it would sell out.\""
"6598" "\"Drug legalization is not the answer? OK, Mr. President, fair enough.\""
"6599" "\"Russia's top energy official said Rosneft, which is 75 percent owned by the Kremlin, will get shares in at least six Exxon Mobil projects in the United States.\""
"6600" "\"Among Christie’s high-profile moves, most have come amid cases that involved the state as a party.\""
"6601" "\"Cabreras home run pulled the Tigers within a run in the fifth inning, at 5-4, but the Mariners tacked on an insurance run in the seventh on Alex Liddis first home run of the season, and one in the eighth, on a Michael Saunders double.\""
"6602" "\"Among the many dishes that will start the new year right is the d'Lish signature tuna sandwich, a powerhouse of albacore tuna, white Cheddar, onions, celery, dill, tomatoes and spring mix greens on wheat bread, hot or cold, $6.50.\""
"6603" "\"Manager Kalen Kelekoma climbs atop a wooden crate and welcomes the throng with a warm \\"aloha\\" and an explanation of the market rules. Then the horn sounds, and they rush the stalls. Some head straight for the obvious draws on this hot day — ice-cold coconuts and soursop ice cream. Others start grabbing tropical fruits they rarely get a chance to taste on the mainland — rambutans, longans, lychees and mangosteens. Some buy salad greens and broccoli.\""
"6604" "\"A July 8, 2010, e-mail from county Department of Public Services executive Terry Spryszak to fellow appointees says it plainly:\""
"6605" "\"Troxell and Marsh were arrested four days later, after Kissell confided what he knew to a friend of his who was a Metuchen police officer and recommended he tell investigators from the prosecutor’s office, according to authorities.\""
"6606" "\"Greller said he thought the installation in 2008 of a \\"macerating toilet\\" at Dimora's home was an interesting project because it is a type of self-contained toilet that grinds up waste before it is sent out. He said hooking up the plumbing was a challenge.\""
"6607" "\"One man who'd had difficulty getting a raise from his last employer was thinking of self-employment because there would be \\"no limit on income.\\" A dislocated worker attending trade school wanted to open his own windshield repair shop to \\"start at the top, not the bottom, this time.\\" A single mother said she wanted to work at home because she was tired of worrying about childcare. Other reasons the group gave for favoring self-employment included the desire to be their own boss, setting their own hours, increased security, the possibility for retirement income and the freedom that comes from running your own show.\""
"6608" "\"2. In a large bowl, combine sweet potatoes, onion and celery.\""
"6609" "\"However, the Ohio Supreme Court disagreed with the method he used to belatedly acquit Smith and Allen and ordered him to send them to prison.\""
"6610" "\"The question to Jordan Theodore afterwards was simple: Did he think that the win sent a message to the rest of the Big East? Theodore's response? Simple and stern. \\"I hope it does. Because nobody is coming into our house, just thinking their going to kick our (butts).\\" That was the theme of the latest chapter in Seton Hall's improbable story of the season. The Pirates ran No. 8 Connecticut — and it's nearly two-decade long losing streak — out of town, with a 75-63 win. Star-Ledger college hoops beat writer Brendan Prunty has all of the answers, including why this was the win the Pirates needed to have:\""
"6611" "\"But that's likely all it will get.\""
"6612" "\"Twenty-year-old Daniel was found dead in his mother's hospital room in the Bahamas three days after she gave birth to his sister, Dannie Lynn Hope.\""
"6613" "\"His girlfriend, porn starlet Alexa Cruz, told cops Anderson had slashed himself with a knife and that she had taken the blade away from him, the station reported.\""
"6614" "\"2423 PRO TOUR DR $219,000\""
"6615" "\"\\"I been in Chicago my whole life, and I've been growing up around here, and I've grown up to see everything,\\" she says. \\"I'm a very observant person. I see everything. I don't have to say anything. But I see it. And I see how they disrespect everybody. Everybody who doesn't look rich or doesn't have class.\\"\""
"6616" "\"\\"I'm not sure what he's going to try next,\\" she said, sounding both wary and weary.\""
"6617" "\"The transcripts are considered an official public record of proceedings at the five-times-weekly briefings, but sensitive questions have occasionally been left out without notice or explanation.\""
"6618" "\"Hours: Lunch, 11 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Monday through Friday; dinner, 5-10 p.m. Monday through Saturday, 4-9 p.m. Sunday.\""
"6619" "\"Austin, of the Economic Policy Institute, offers a look at a topic many don't want to broach: racial discrimination in hiring. Because teens are often looking for low-skilled, entry-level jobs, factors such as training or education often don't come into play, the disparity in their employment rates offer a chance to study such bias, he said.\""
"6620" "\"Velazquez, speaking of his luck, said: \\"It was meant to be. Things happen for a reason, no matter what. I saw Robby when I came to the track today. I asked him how he felt. He said to me, 'You're riding a good horse.' \\"\""
"6621" "\"HELSINKI  The United States has defeated France, 7-2, in the first game of the International Ice Hockey World Championships in Helsinki.\""
"6622" "\"Friday, May 21\""
"6623" "\"Its auditor, Ernst & Young, flagged a weakness in the company's internal controls. The company is working to hire more financial staff to help address its problems.\""
"6624" "\"GLASSBORO — A large crowd turned out Monday morning for a special joint meeting of the New Jersey Assembly and Senate Higher Education Committee in the Rowan University Student Center.\""
"6625" "\"The cost will come out of executives' pockets, he added:\""
"6626" "\"Until now, the only other statistic regarding undocumented parents removed from the U.S. was from the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General. The Inspector General reported in 2009 that 100,000 parents of American children were removed from the United States between 1998 and 2007.\""
"6627" "\"Bosley recently cooked up a new City Market on the waterfront, modeled after the Ferry Building farmers market in San Francisco, where visitors can go from stand to stand, tasting single-estate apple slices, eating just-shucked oysters, dunking bread in artisan olive oils and watching chef demonstrations. Since its debut last year, the City Market has been the place to be, straw basket in hand, on Sundays — which doesn't surprise Bosley. \\"If you live in Wellington,\\" Bosley said, \\"it pretty much goes without saying that you're passionate about food.\\" And if you visit Wellington, you're sure to leave passionate about its food scene, and ready to return for another taste.\""
"6628" "\"12. Aaron Corp, Richmond, 6-3, 215: This late-round candidate could develop over time. A transfer from Southern Cal, Corp has a good command of the game and sees the field well. His throws are on target for the most part. A hard worker, he has had some durability issues and never has been dominant.\""
"6629" "\"Though a parliamentary report in November on the final phase of Canada's combat mission found \\"serious security, development and governance issues\\" remained in Kandahar, it also concluded Canada made \\"important gains\\" in Afghanistan. \\"We are a far better army from what we were…when we entered the conflict,\\" Gen. Milner says.\""
"6630" "\"Patsy Grimaldi's\""
"6631" "\"Sean Phillips, 22, faces a maximum punishment of 15 years in prison when sentenced June 5 in what is being called the Baby Kate case.\""
"6632" "\"For now, I'll go with another one: simply amazing.\""
"6633" "\"If you're thinking of getting a new tattoo, research the shops in your area. You can choose the setting that matches your personality and taste.\""
"6634" "\"PHILADELPHIA — An amphibious sightseeing boat that stalled in the Delaware River was knocked over by an oncoming barge Wednesday, spilling 37 people overboard and leaving two passengers unaccounted for after a frantic rescue effort.\""
"6635" "\"was beaten and stabbed in the head and his house set on fire, and the 1982 deaths of Donna and Gary Decker, who were shot after being kidnapped from a store parking lot.\""
"6636" "\"Central Precinct\""
"6637" "\"Also on May 1, council is expectd to hold a brief special council meeting so that the first reading can be made of the proposed settlement of the Bass Energy lawsuit. Three readings are needed before the settlement issue can be voted upon.\""
"6638" "\"Menard said Amante, along with Mayor Doug Davert and Councilman Lou Bone, made several unsuccessful attempts to discourage him from running.\""
"6639" "\"The Art Walk runs from noon to 9 p.m. Friday and Saturday; noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. The restaurants stay open later. Go to: littleitalycleveland.com.\""
"6640" "\"ORLANDO, FLA. — Taking your older teenagers to Orlando for spring break might seem like an odd choice — aren't they a little old for Disney? Yes, our 16- and 18-year-olds are a bit jaded for Mickey Mouse, but we saw a last-minute trip to Orlando as a chance to hold our kids hostage for some family fun.\""
"6641" "\"Initially, Kissinger acknowledges, he was less drawn to Deng Xiaoping, who was politically rehabilitated after Mao died and guided China's economic modernization during a crucial decade. Kissinger describes Deng's \\"acerbic, no-nonsense style, his occasional sarcastic interjections and his disdain of the philosophical in favor of the eminently practical … Deng rarely wasted time on pleasantries, nor did he feel it necessary to soften his remarks by swaddling them in parables\\" as Mao did. Eventually, Kissinger says, he developed \\"enormous regard for this doughty little man with the melancholy eyes.\\" China today is \\"a testimonial to Deng's vision, tenacity and common sense,\\" he concludes.\""
"6642" "\"Im not going to give them the chance to do this to me again, he said.\""
"6643" "\"More than 140,000 people gathered there this week, for an event that's growing despite the absence of Apple and more recently, the decision by Microsoft to make this the last year it participates.\""
"6644" "\"Had the changes passed, workers would have given up the right to strike over wage issues during 2011 contract negotiations in exchange for guarantees of new work at Brook Park and several other Ford plants.\""
"6645" "\"Asked when he thinks Pettitte will be promoted, Contreras smiled and said, \\"I'm sure sooner rather than later.\\"\""
"6646" "\"\\"America's Metro Regions Take Center Stage.\\"\""
"6647" "\"\\"When taxpayers do not pay their fair share, it places an unfair burden on those who do,\\" the tax board said on its website, which said the 500 owe the state nearly $233 million.\""
"6648" "\"The Mail-Tribune newspaper reports that negotiators for teachers and the Eagle Point School District have talked for more than a year without completing a deal.\""
"6649" "\"Fiorina was diagnosed with breast cancer in February 2009 and after chemotherapy and radiation treatments was declared cancer free. The infection was related to the surgery she had this July after a double mastectomy last year.\""
"6650" "\"WILLOUGHBY, Ohio - The Lake County YMCA West End Branch recently hosted the Northeast Ohio Gymnastics Championships for level 4.\""
"6651" "\"The school has nearly 600 students enrolled, and it expects to have 1,000 students by 2018.\""
"6652" "\"East Greenwich authorities ask residents to leave their green grass cans at the curb if they have yet to be picked up.\""
"6653" "\"The cuts -- which do not include municipal aid or unpaid furloughs of state workers -- are aimed at resolving a $2.2 billion deficit in the current budget created by falling revenue and increased costs for various programs. Corzine enacted some cuts before Christie took over. Christie says he was left with a $1.3 billion deficit.\""
"6654" "\"Q: Would the Texas ebony tree do well in Overgaard? We live at 6,500-feet elevation, and our winters are cold. Last year we got down to 25 to 30 degrees below zero a few days.\""
"6655" "\"“He said, ‘We want anybody but you and L.A. to get the ball,’ which is funny,” Crawford said.\""
"6656" "\"Foster, 56, a physicist and wealthy businessman, is seeking election in a newly drawn district that includes many communities - including Aurora - that were part of the old 14th District, where he twice was elected to Congress. He was defeated for re-election two years ago by Republican Randy Hultgren. A poll taken back in June, before the current primary race even began, showed that 41 percent of the new district's voters knew who he was, and he was well-liked.\""
"6657" "\"\\"We will propose a ban on alcohol for next year,\\" said Singer.\""
"6658" "\"Also, if somebody doesn't qualify specifically under the \\"cash for clunkers\\" guidelines, a car dealer may be willing to make up the difference. Say someone has a vehicle with a trade-in value of $3,000 or $2,000, the dealer may be able to provide the difference up to what the voucher amount would be in the form of a discount.\""
"6659" "\"\\"It's like being at home. When you feel comfortable, you're going to be happy,\\" he says.\""
"6660" "\"23. The Seattle Times — 236,929 weekday; 346,589 Sunday (12,402 branded editions).\""
"6661" "\"During a visit from Childrens Protective Services in July 2009, the familys home was observed to be filthy. The bathtub was black and moldy and the wash room was unsafe because of exposed wires, documents state. The childs bedroom was covered in trash and dirty clothing. In addition, the family dog had an untreated injury causing its mouth to bleed, and blood splatter was seen on floors all around the home. That visit preceded an order placing the child in foster care, which led to Gentzs supervised visits, documents state.\""
"6662" "\"The \\"CBS Evening News\\" was third for the 290th consecutive week and 45th since Scott Pelley became anchor, averaging 5.94 million viewers.\""
"6663" "\"Lawrence is now 73, and he says he's with \\"the most amazing woman of my life. She's non-controlling, independent, sexy, honest and open. Within two weeks, I knew everything about her.\\"\""
"6664" "\"Police found Jones' body in nearby woods, where he was living, after searching the church building.\""
"6665" "\"Who: With Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman, Anthony Hopkins. Directed by Kenneth Branagh.\""
"6666" "\"From there to Old Deerfield Pike, it’s Park Drive.\""
"6667" "\"Over the last 34 regular season games, Sporting Kansas City are 19-4-11. If that were an MLS season (and not spread over two), Kansas City would own an MLS-best 68 points. Only Los Angeles (with 68 in 1998 and 67 in 2011) have ever reached that point plateau.\""
"6668" "\"The initiative would bar unions from using automatic withdrawals from members' paychecks to raise money for political activity. Instead, labor would need to persuade members to write checks or make transfers from their bank accounts, an obstacle that would be difficult to overcome.\""
"6669" "\"The man who called himself \\"Commander\\" sent an e-mail to his attorneys in October 2009, saying he was stepping down as director to divert attention and save the Navy Veterans. In his absence, Thompson gave \\"plenipotentiary powers\\" to make operational and legal decisions to one person: his assistant Karmika V. Rubin of Hernando County.\""
"6670" "\"The tone, however, is one of encouragement because they need the volunteer citizen scientists to sort through the reams of data being collected. There is no one else, or rather no computer yet, that can do it.\""
"6671" "\"Both the local and the district council have a long history of documented ties to organized crime. In the 1990s the groups were found to be so corrupt that LIUNA set up an office to police them under a consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice.\""
"6672" "\"Haffey, 49, said the village of Woodmere is acting as an governing sponsor, which is required for sponsorship of these types of events. He said he spoke with Woodmere Mayor Charles Smith, who was familiar with the concept from having attended similar charities at Nautica in Cleveland.\""
"6673" "\"Former U.S. Rep. Kenny Hulshof was a two-time game MVP before leaving Congress for an unsuccessful bid to become governor of Missouri last year.\""
"6674" "\"\\"These salary figures are not surprising,\\" James Leipold, NALP's executive director, said in a prepared statement. \\"Following the recession, law firm associate salaries are in stasis. We have not seen much movement upward or downward.\\"\""
"6675" "\"From LAX to Seattle, United, Alaska and Virgin America offer nonstop service; Southwest offers direct service (stop, no change of plane); and Southwest, Delta and United offer connecting service (change of plane). Restricted round-trip fares begin at $334.\""
"6676" "\"Brady has name recognition from his political past, as well as from his wife's current city council seat. The Friends of Dona Brady loaned his campaign $35,000.\""
"6677" "\"Like many pre-World War II houses, Mark Gilbert and Vicky Moreira's St. Paul house was designed at a time when Mom cooked alone, the family ate around a dining room table and the kitchen was merely an appendage on the back of the house.\""
"6678" "\"“Seniors are one of the top targets. They need to be told how to protect themselves,” said Anastos.\""
"6679" "\"On any night of the week, this small Oakland restaurant is usually packed. Sometimes the wait for a seat at the snug bar is more than an hour, and without a table reservation - forget about it.\""
"6680" "\"Civil rights activist Al Sharpton is expected to join Sanford city leaders in a town hall meeting this evening to discuss with residents how the investigation is being handled. Earlier Monday, students held rallies on the campus of Florida A&M University in Tallahassee and outside the Seminole County Criminal Justice Center, where prosecutors are reviewing the case to determine if charges should be filed.\""
"6681" "\"So what’s Wilson’s explanation? Did she think she had the winning ticket? Was she playing a gag?\""
"6682" "\"\\"We were looking for stronger sanctions,\\" Tunney said. \\"I don't want to put people in jail over this thing, but I want people to understand I really am serious about limiting the abuse in this.\\"\""
"6683" "\"\\"There is no easy solution but ... when you have these problems walking away from them is not the right answer,\\" Bloomberg said.\""
"6684" "\"\\"We're playing catch-up,\\" says Warren Wilkinson, chief marketing officer for the Chicago Convention and Tourism Bureau told Belgian tour operators at a wine-infused luncheon of grilled seafood.\""
"6685" "\"Jurors inspected the room before leaving the house to tour the backyard — where five more women had been unearthed from shallow graves.\""
"6686" "\"The Blazers lost for the ninth time in the last 13 games and the sixth time in the last eight home games. And a once-promising season is in a nose dive that has no end in sight.\""
"6687" "\"The Whitakers had previously asked Lioi to combine the cases against Dimora, but she denied the request and scolded the Whitakers for filing a frivolous motion that only serves to delay the trial.\""
"6688" "\"\\"It's similar to Cole, in that products with my own artwork designs have been sold at stores around the world, such as at Pier One and Macy's and other stores,\\" she said.\""
"6689" "\"\\"I'd like to be ambassador to Ann Arbor,\\" Weiser told me from his office at McKinley Properties, which is adorned with pictures of Colin Powell, President Gerald Ford, George W. Bush as well as U-M royalty like the late Bo Schembechler.\""
"6690" "\"Flyers fans who have suffered through decades of goaltending woes took great delight in chanting \\"Mar-ty! Mar-ty!\\" at the three-time Stanley Cup champion. Brodeur has faced the Flyers four other times in the postseason, winning two.\""
"6691" "\"It may not have been the prettiest of victories, but it answered a challenge McMillan issued to his team at Wednesday morning's shootaround.\""
"6692" "\"Liberace died in 1987 at the age of 67 after a long run as one of the pioneers of the long-term engagement in Las Vegas that has made many entertainers fabulously wealthy in a kind of suspended retirement.\""
"6693" "\"Besides the home's energy efficiency and wind resistance, Fidroeff just likes the way a round building feels. The high ceilings formed by the peaked roof give it a sense of spaciousness, he said, and many people find the curved lines pleasing.\""
"6694" "\"\\"We have been treating larval mosquitoes since mid-March, concentrating on woodland pools and puddles and other early season habitats,\\" McMorland said. \\"We also spent the winter cutting brush and removing blockages from streams that may result in mosquito issues in the spring and summer.\\"\""
"6695" "\"I hope that the constant naysayers are ready to listen as well.\""
"6696" "\"Visitors enter the ride via a queue lined with a ramshackle fence made from old gasoline pumps, toppling barrels, balding tires and junk-trimmed trees.\""
"6697" "\"Shares of Northrop Grumman stock closed down 23 cents Monday at $61.58.\""
"6698" "\"Jeff Lewis, the star of not one but two Bravo network reality shows -- \\"Interior Therapy with Jeff Lewis\\" and \\"Flipping Out\\" -- and I have something in common: We both shop at HomeGoods!\""
"6699" "\"Oregon averaged 303.8 rushing yards during the regular season. Against Auburn, the Ducks rushed for just 75.\""
"6700" "\"We're willing to post Blowback items on both news and opinion pieces, but our focus is on opinion. The idea is to present countering opinions, not to provide a forum for pointing out errors or critiquing bias in the Times' news coverage. (For the former we have an official corrections policy; for the latter we have an occasional Sunday feature called \\"Outside the Tent.\\")\""
"6701" "\"The issue of closet real estate has caused more marital distress than March Madness.\""
"6702" "\"McCartney is a spiritual person (his father is former Colorado head coach Bill McCartney, who founded the “Promise Keepers” men’s ministry group as well as an organization called “The Road to Jerusalem”) and a mild-mannered guy, so he kept his emotions in check during the conversation.\""
"6703" "\"Her doctor's taste in art presents a fresh affront to her sensibilities with every appointment.\""
"6704" "\"There's no better place to witness a shootout than in Old Tucson, thanks to gunslingers who are firing blanks.\""
"6705" "\"Companies are not hiring, but it's not because they're worried about the national debt. The economy is not growing, but it's not because the public sector is laying off union members. So why are the two major parties focusing their energies on lowering the national debt (Republicans) and funding public sector jobs (Democrats)?\""
"6706" "\"The folks over at the Oregon State Capitol Foundation became the proud owners of the limited edition bourbon after Buffalo Trace decide to give away their final batch to charities, the idea being that they could then auction or raffle the stuff off.\""
"6707" "\"Orange County prosecutors have charged the Santa Ana woman with six felony counts of unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor and two felony counts of oral copulation of a minor.\""
"6708" "\"CBS -- NCAA Division I tournament, third round, tripleheader, teams TBD, at Columbus, Ohio; Omaha, Neb.; Nashville, Tenn.; or Greensboro, N.C.\""
"6709" "\"However, colonoscopies found advanced growths in twice as many people — 514 versus 231 of those given the stool test. Colonoscopy also found 10 times more people with less serious growths than the stool test did.\""
"6710" "\"The main attraction Saturday was the grouping of Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer, Gary Player and Lee Trevino in an exhibition run in conjunction with the tournament itself. Palmer curled in a 25-foot birdie putt on the final hole, prompting a roar from the massive gallery that followed the greats all day.\""
"6711" "\"tables or provide free services to the community. The Rahway Branch YMCA will host a free Zumba class at noon and NY Life Insurance Co. will provide free child ID’s all day. The Rahway Branch NAACP will offer voter registration. There will also be a free moon bouce for children sponsored by PayChex Payroll Services.\""
"6712" "\"Alcoa rose 47 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $13.89. Barrick Gold Corp. rose $1.93, or 5.2 percent, to $38.84, while Newmont Mining Corp. jumped $3.01, or 7 percent, to $46.21. Oilfield services company Schlumberger Ltd. rose $1.28, or 2.2 percent, to $59.24.\""
"6713" "\"The Flavia is the latest in a line of vehicles that are expanding Fiat and Chrysler's model lines on both sides of the Atlantic. Lancia began selling rebadged versions of the Chrysler 300 sedan and Town & Country minivan last year. The fresh blood gives Lancia its broadest model line in decades.\""
"6714" "\"His ascent crested with an executive vice presidency, overseeing sales and marketing at a St. Louis-area electronics firm producing components for appliances. He began each day fielding client calls from Europe and ended with calls from China.\""
"6715" "\"Patrick Mitchell, 43, is being held on heroin possession and related distribution charges including within 1,000 feet of a school.\""
"6716" "\"She didn’t know it, but Clark was about to dedicate that show in 1958 to Linda and would play her favorite music.\""
"6717" "\"13.6 million: Attendance at Tokyo Disneyland, the busiest theme park outside the United States. Next for non-U.S. parks were Tokyo Disney Sea (12 million), Universal Studios Japan (8 million) and Everland in South Korea (6.2 million).\""
"6718" "\"\\"I don't want to push so hard that people say, 'Oh, let's forget that program.' It's a critically important program for kids from poor families,\\" Durbin said. \\"Schools, many of them in the city, serve more than lunch because these kids don't have much to turn to, particularly in this tough economy.\\"\""
"6719" "\"In July, U.S. District Judge Victoria Roberts said that Ward suffered from a mental disease or a defect that made it difficult for him to understand the severity of the charges. If treatment worked, he could have still been ordered to face trial later. The government now says that's not necessary.\""
"6720" "\"The business focuses solely on the sale and service of the recreational vehicles, known for its rounded aluminum shell designed more than 80 years ago. Airstream products range in price from $32,000 to $92,000, Davis said.\""
"6721" "\"\\"We're going to continue to open them as long as they continue to work,\\" he said. \\"We want to do this. This is good stuff.\\"\""
"6722" "\"Homeowners are more likely to use paint to create a mood for a room than to display multimillion-dollar works of art. But the same principles that museums use in designing galleries apply, said Karen Meyerhoff, managing director for business development at the Guggenheim. They use colors to evoke emotions or theatrics, and to highlight paintings on display.\""
"6723" "\"26. Walter Johnson, DT, 1965, 2/27, Los Angeles State, 1965-76. Never missed a game. Became a starter his second season. A three-time Pro Bowl selection with his strength and quick feet.\""
"6724" "\"He said the commission is revoking the teaching certificates of all administrators and test coordinators and suspending teachers without taking into account that each case is different.\""
"6725" "\"Now that the two-month extension has passed, what does that do for the economy and the taxpayers? We'd have this same scenerio played out again in February. This could potentially go on for the whole year over and over and over.\""
"6726" "\"The Beavers (11-4, 1-2) dusted off that 1-3-1 zone to put Cal on its heels early, then finished them off with a barrage of offense that OSU fans have not seen in a long, long time.\""
"6727" "\"Many taxpayers ultimately resolved the cases through settlements that allowed them to pay back taxes and some penalties. But other taxpayers fought back in court. They argued that the six-year statute of limitations shouldn't apply, because Son of BOSS didn't involve omission of income. In Wednesday's 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court agreed, saying the IRS overstepped in using the six-year statute of limitations.\""
"6728" "\"The debate is more about who would own and build it -- either Moroun (who wants to build a replacement span next to his privately owned Ambassador) or a public consortium of Michigan, Ontario and the U.S. and Canadian federal governments, which hope to hire a contractor to build a new bridge in southwest Detroit near Zug Island. That plan is called the New International Trade Crossing.\""
"6729" "\"Christine Baranski - \\"The Good Wife\\"\""
"6730" "\"Then again, it's not our $100 million.\""
"6731" "\"8 oz. broccoli or asparagus, trimmed\""
"6732" "\"Rhode played for Charles on the Portland men’s team that went to the 1995 final four. Just completing her first year at Oregon as associate head coach is Lauren (Orlandos) Hanson, who played for the Pilots’ 2002 national championship team, Charles’ last season before he died in 2003 at 51. And although Portland State coach Laura Schott’s experience with Charles was limited to summer club programs, she said he had a profound influence on her career.\""
"6733" "\"The 64-year-old musician was coming off one of his most productive years ever, having played almost 50 concerts. He had successfully beat back a prostate cancer diagnosis that briefly sidelined his work between 2007 and 2009. He had also just played a show at the Uptown Theater in Napa and was excited about releasing the footage on a DVD.\""
"6734" "\"Thin Mints. Samoas. Tagalongs.\""
"6735" "\"LetsRun.com posted the Indiana release about the Pepsi, which touts the Hoosiers' victory in the men's competition. It doesn't mention either Hostetler's throw or the UO athletes who sat out. Of course, it is a release by Indiana sports information office and, as such, is focused on the Hoosiers.\""
"6736" "\"If all goes as planned, the San Jose grocery store at Westgate and the San Ramon market should both be open by fall, Garcia said. Planning reviews could begin within a few weeks for the Pleasanton and Hayward markets.\""
"6737" "\"The shooting of Andrew, 62, and Wanda Wierzbicki, 56, rattled the rural town where a murder hasn’t been reported in more than two decades.\""
"6738" "\"The Department of Marketing and Communications at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville recently won seven awards at the 27th Annual Education Advertising Awards Competition. The university received two bronze awards and four merit awards. SIUE was one of 201 institutions recognized. There were more than 2,900 entries from more than 1,000 colleges and secondary schools from across the nation.\""
"6739" "\"DENVER — For a year he’s taken the high road, staying above the mess that had become his Los Angeles Lakers career, refusing to indulge in the finger-pointing and pity that collected around his feet like piling garbage.\""
"6740" "\"The new swap line—five times that of the previous arrangement that expired in early summer—follows a Japan-South Korea deal in October to boost their bilateral swap pact to $70 billion from $13 billion.\""
"6741" "\"As a freshman, Polk suffered a torn labrum in his left shoulder in the second week of the season and missed the rest of the year. He underwent a second operation on the same shoulder as a sophomore and had both knees scoped.\""
"6742" "\"The suspect was in a hospital Sunday night, police said.\""
"6743" "\"MYSTERIES OF THE UNIVERSE\""
"6744" "\"Cleveland Clinic Sports Health was the title sponsor for the race/walk. Other sponsors included Lockkeeper’s, Larsen Lumber, Dante Restaurant, Village Cleaners, Brecksville Donuts and Coffee Shoppe, Namaste Yoga, Hannah’s Black Belt Academy and Brecksville’s Giant Eagle.\""
"6745" "\"Vianney, paced by 220-pound champ Greg Eilerman (43-7), will send three wresters to state. Oakville also qualified three, and Mehlville will send one.\""
"6746" "\"Operating under the theory that it is no crime for one patient to share medicine with another, all the marijuana — whether in the food or at the hash bar — is free. And unlike the marijuana cafes in Portland, there is no membership fee.\""
"6747" "\"Chad Martin, Martin Calf Facility, Tillamook County -- $280 fine for placing waste where it was likely to run off into waters of the state.\""
"6748" "\"Just when a style becomes so entrenched it reigns unquestioned, there's a revolution. Take colored tights and open-toe shoes.\""
"6749" "\"The Senate version of the bill also restored two projects that had been dropped from the house bill -- a $500,000 floodwall for South St. Paul and $2 million for the Harriet Tubman domestic violence shelter in Maplewood.\""
"6750" "\"Heyward-Bey, 25, was pulled over and given a field sobriety test, which he failed, the CHP said. He was cited for alleged drunken driving and later released. It wasn't clear where Heyward-Bey was headed at the time or where he had been. But law enforcement officials described him as \\"very cooperative.\\"\""
"6751" "\"So, if studios simply hired a wider variety of people, we’d see more diverse movies — and a more diverse group of Oscar winners?\""
"6752" "\"All of the patients who needed a follow-up examination have followed through, Gerson said.\""
"6753" "\"The Ducks two a 2-0 lead in the second when KC Serna hit a two-out single to right and Mendenhall, making only his second start in conference play, drove a 3-1 pitch from California starter Justin Jones (5-4) to left for his first career homer.\""
"6754" "\"The filmmakers - including Whedon and co-writer Zak Penn - are aware of the power they wield, and so make sure the movie not only meets expectations but also is accessible to everyone. They succeed with flying colors, injecting our real world with Marvel-style myth. They even make sure to frame the cast in several valiant, poster-ready tableaux.\""
"6755" "\"Carney said calls to approve the pipeline now are \\"insulting to the American people\\" because there is no route to approve.\""
"6756" "\"\\"Where to?\\" the driver asked. \\"Not far!\\"\""
"6757" "\"That the Red Wings are one loss from being eliminated in the first round of the playoffs is on the shoulders of Nashville goaltender Pekka Rinne, who denied enough scoring chances to provide highlights for a week's worth of shows. His heroics were the Wings' undoing, as they fell, 3-1, at Joe Louis Arena. The Predators hold a 3-1 advantage in the best-of-seven series headed into Friday's Game 5 at Bridgestone Arena, site of the Wings' only win last Friday.\""
"6758" "\"IOWA CITY -- It's not that Justin Lester lacks respect for his opponents at this weekend's U.S. Olympic Wrestling Team Trials. He just knows his worst enemy isn't among them.\""
"6759" "\"\\"It's apparent to me that there is some tension here between the African-American community and the police,\\" said Myers, who has met with officers, City Council members and local community leaders. \\"I think both the community and people of the police department want to improve that. I'm going to do whatever I can to help facilitate strengthening that connection.\\"\""
"6760" "\"\\"We've never pushed our commercial interests in our newspapers,\\" Mr. Murdoch added.\""
"6761" "\"Tony's take: Mike Shanahan should have stayed retired. Patriots, 30-20.\""
"6762" "\"102 MELVIN DR $8,500\""
"6763" "\"The few winners included H&R Block, Collective Brands and Ferrellgas Partners.\""
"6764" "\"BEIRUT —Two weeks into a cease-fire agreement, there still was no peace in Syria: Security agents in Damascus collected the remains of 10 people killed in a suicide bombing. Activists reported troops firing on protesters. Video showed a crowd carrying a slain boy to U.N. observers as proof of regime violence.\""
"6765" "\"\\"No matter what you're saying, keep your voice tone neutral and clear,\\" Yeager said. \\"Be clear with yourself in what you're saying and not have guilt or worry come through.\\" Added Benjamin: \\"If you do a 'yes, but,' the person is going to come back again and again, and it's even more disappointing and upsetting, and you get caught in a lie.\\"\""
"6766" "\"After the meeting, Smith said, \\"Of course, there is a conflict\\" with his remaining on the board, but \\"conflicts are not bad.\\" He said he was still valuable to the board for issues that do not have anything to do with construction.\""
"6767" "\"This is a terrific place to rest, eat lunch and soak in the miles and miles of virtually uninhabited desert scenery surrounding you.\""
"6768" "\"Oh, on second thought, hold on. Maybe we will watch the news for a bit. The promo says that after all this boring current events stuff they'll be running photos of Kate Gosselin in her new bikini.\""
"6769" "\"Once the clock started ticking, it didn't take long for H.K. Anderson ($7.49 for 52 ounces at Costco) to run away from the pack. These \\"plump\\" pretzels had a \\"crunchy exterior\\" and a \\"creamy peanut butter inside.\\" \\"Intensely salty, but with lots of peanut butter filling for balance,\\" this pretzel was a winner all-around. Four would buy this brand, and the fifth might.\""
"6770" "\"\\"With the cell phones, they talk really loud and sometimes it’s like the person on the other end can’t hear them, and then there’s music,\\" said Waldman. \\"After a long workday, you don’t want to hear all that. But this is much nicer — you can really enjoy a book.\\"\""
"6771" "\"If you eat processed food, you're almost definitely exceeding the sodium limits.\""
"6772" "\"The highway was closed for more than five hours Saturday while police investigated the incident.\""
"6773" "\"“Do not forget to add in and costs of any improvements that you have made to the cost basis,” Rosen said.\""
"6774" "\"New Jersey Local News Service reporter Halley Bondy contributed to this story.\""
"6775" "\"16520 SW Jesse Ct; 2,152 square feet; on 11/4/2010 for $290,000\""
"6776" "\"But the job shouldn't be ignored. Two experienced officeholders -- Democrat John Chiang and Republican Tony Strickland -- offer different outlooks on using the controller's bully pulpit. On balance, Chiang's experience and balanced views make him the better choice.\""
"6777" "\"\\"Those guys have the opportunity to be pretty good and to be big leaguers for a long time,\\" Pierzynski said. \\"They know that, and they are being given the opportunity, which is awesome.\""
"6778" "\"Oriente Victoria: Portland CLD Irving\""
"6779" "\"Police are investigating three separate shootings reported hours apart in Northeast and North Portland on Saturday.\""
"6780" "\"David also knew a good story when he saw one. He had formerly promoted the Iron Man triathlon. He had a lot of TV and radio contacts. He called every national media outlet he knew — NBC, CBS, BBC, NPR and AP. \\"I have a story for you,\\" he would say, \\"a disabled baby dolphin we're teaching to swim without a tail.\\"\""
"6781" "\"\\"To say we're not bargaining in good faith is simply wrong,\\" Sievers said. \\"We've been talking with these guys a lot.\\"\""
"6782" "\"Despite the fact that she won an Oscar for \\"The Constant Gardener\\" and has appeared in countless movies, you never heard of Rachel Weisz until you watched the 1997 film she had starred in, \\"Swept from the Sea,\\" on television.\""
"6783" "\"George Connor, a political science professor at Missouri State University, said it was nearly impossible to prove that lobbyist gifts have an impact on how a legislator votes. But typically, he said, \\"They're not giving you gifts to get you to vote a certain way, they're giving you gifts because you vote a certain way.\\"\""
"6784" "\"I hung a right onto Highway 49, heading toward the heart of California's Gold Country. Historic 49, as it's often called, meanders through scenic little Gold Rush towns with names like Drytown and Sutter Creek before continuing on toward Jackson and Angels Camp, where one Samuel Clemens originally made a name for himself under the pen name Mark Twain, writing about a jumping frog. But I wasn't out for the scenery, or a history lesson.\""
"6785" "\"\\"The states are not yet satisfied that the economic interests of our regions are protected adequately in the proposal as it stands today,\\" Cordray said in a statement. \\"We will continue our current investigation to ensure that state antitrust laws are not violated and that the economy in Ohio and other affected states will not suffer unnecessarily from the proposed merger.\\"\""
"6786" "\"Before long, the line was moving.\""
"6787" "\"Bob McDonald, P&G's chairman, president and CEO, said in an announcement webcast from Geneva that consumers applaud improvements to help the environment, and the new effort should help P&G's business, as well as the Earth.\""
"6788" "\"A memorial service will be held at 2 p.m. Jan. 28 at Bridges Hall of Music at Pomona College.\""
"6789" "\"Bradshaw won't have a chance to redeem himself in Mara's eyes this season. NBC will broadcast the Feb. 5 rematch between the Giants and New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI.\""
"6790" "\"She is also a passionate friend who counsels, dispenses advice and lends a helping hand. Each day, she performs an act of kindness, extends a favor and gives visibility to a cause.\""
"6791" "\"»May 11: at Orlando, TBD, if necessary\""
"6792" "\"As usual, there will be a chat at BA's site at 2 p.m. today St. Louis time.\""
"6793" "\"\\"I don't support the violence, I don't condone the violence and by direct appeal to President Assad and in supporting those who are seeking freedom and serious reforms, I am working to end the violence,\\" Kucinich said in the statement. \\"I appealed to President Assad to remove his forces from the cities. He told me he would, and today we learned that he has begun to do just that.\\"\""
"6794" "\"Based on computer models that did not take into account Portland history and politics, the company proposed four options. Carole Smith weighed and discarded three of them: closing Marshall and Jefferson; closing Lincoln and Franklin; or closing Marshall, Madison and Roosevelt.\""
"6795" "\"2929 Biscayne Blvd., Miami, 305-400-8245\""
"6796" "\"This time, the Blues had a five-on-three opportunity after Chuck Kobasew and Ryan O'Byrne committed consecutive penalties. Perron gained possession along the left boards, drifted into the faceoff circle and sniped his second goal of the period, fifth in three games. Oshie got his second assist.\""
"6797" "\"The city-owned H.L. Mencken House suffers from more than 15 years of benign neglect. While unoccupied and unwatched, termites attacked the under flooring on the main level. This destruction has been abated. Additionally, the air-conditioning units malfunctioned, causing severe water damage to the interior walls and buckling to the hardwood floors. For better than a decade, the Friends of the H.L. Mencken House and its sister group, the Society to Preserve H.L. Mencken's Legacy, have been patiently negotiating with Baltimore City to obtain a house transfer agreement. During this prolonged process, the Friends have become volunteer watchdogs of the house, acting as its unofficial caretaker.\""
"6798" "\"As University of Oregon tenured professors pocket an average $4,800 pay increase this year, faculty at other Oregon campuses want fat raises, too.\""
"6799" "\"The test GS was a surprise on many levels. Exterior styling was upscale and not brawny, even though rocker panels, a different grille and a slightly lower-to-the-pavement stance differentiated it from other Regals.\""
"6800" "\"Excitement reigns when it’s time for dessert. The work of longtime inn employee Joseph Gabriel is infinitely intriguing. He seamlessly carries through on Cuevas’ efforts with creations of delightful complexity.\""
"6801" "\"The Flyers have some of the best track athletes to ever walk the school's halls back for one more run at something special.\""
"6802" "\"Biden, who visited Ohio 15 times during the midterm election on behalf of Ohio candidates, acknowledged the beating Democrats took last November.\""
"6803" "\"As a manhunt for the suspect, 19-year-old Jahmell Crockam, continued, family and friends recalled Matlosz as quick with a joke, but always intently serious about policing, his dream job.\""
"6804" "\"Irma Hoffman\""
"6805" "\"It's exactly the kind of experience that could help them beat the odds recent college graduates are facing, Van Horn said.\""
"6806" "\"Moe joined luncheon guests in dropping daisies -- symbol of a POW's military code of silence-- at Tri-C's POW memorial. He snapped off a quick salute as his flower fell, and a black POW/MIA flag fluttered overhead in its own silent tribute.\""
"6807" "\"Authorities announced Monday the arrest of Shayona Mikia Davis, 20, on charges that include armed robbery and assault. She was being held on $750,000 bail. Also Monday, police said they are seeking Deangelo Carter, 18, and Shatia Baldwin, 21, both of Baltimore; each is charged in warrants with assault and robbery.\""
"6808" "\"Some counties have offset their losses by working on longer-range plans. For instance, Cobb County, which had projected a 2.5 percent drop in its digest, plans to absorb the difference with reserves and an account set aside for uncontrollable costs, such as fuel and energy. Cobb will approve its digest in mid-summer.\""
"6809" "\"2-inch light-colored section of lemongrass\""
"6810" "\"The current law, she said, is “a burdensome requirement on developed municipalities at a time we’re trying to contain costs.”\""
"6811" "\"Two seasons ago Martinez was the starting pitcher on a Phoenix Bourgade Catholic team that lost the Class 2A baseball championship game by one run. This season, Martinez stepped on to the mound again in a state championship game.\""
"6812" "\"\\"The greatest strength we offer anybody in a store is discovery,\\" he says.\""
"6813" "\"Carol Kerns, mother of the late Marine, also spoke of her memories and the character of her son during Friday’s service. Cpl. Kerns’’ widow, Mechele Nikole Kerns, stood beside her as she spoke.\""
"6814" "\"Who: With Owen Wilson, Jack Black, Steve Martin. Directed by David Frankel.\""
"6815" "\"Livingstone called the defeat the one he will \\"most regret\\" in his four-decade career in electoral politics — which appeared to be over late Friday.\""
"6816" "\"Dimora and Diamond met again to discuss unpaid bills and Dimora instructed Diamond to increase the amount of the booster club invoice and to apply the excess to his personal account. As a result, another $3,466.94 was applied to the balance owed for Lori Dimora's birthday party.\""
"6817" "\"On the day he buries his father, Lamb finds himself in a parking lot between a liquor store and a dollar store, standing \\"by the bus-stop bench in his black suit and his dead father's Cubs hat, an unlit cigarette between his lips.\\" He is looking \\"for anything like a loophole, a chink, a way out.\\"\""
"6818" "\"The military also raided a house in Miran Shah on Sunday night, killing a militant commander and several of his colleagues, said intelligence officials. But the remaining militants escaped with five soldiers captured during the raid.\""
"6819" "\"Schaefer said he knew his bill wasn't perfect, but he thought it deserved to get to the Senate floor for debate. But once it gets there, it might not go anywhere.\""
"6820" "\"We love the inn, but I'm curious to stay at Rimrock the next time. It puts us closer to Pappy & Harriet's — where I got a heavenly tri-tip sandwich on our way out of town — and I've already made plans to bring a friend who plays mandolin, our music-loving wives and our small sons, who are more than capable of pitching in on harmonica. That and a case of beer will make a great weekend in the desert as far as I'm concerned. And I'm sure Gram would understand.\""
"6821" "\"Hair Care and Makeup 101\""
"6822" "\"Addicts, posing as homebuyers, are doing their drug \\"shopping\\" at houses that are up for sale.\""
"6823" "\"And if Earth is saved, the writers go out of their way to say there are other aliens. Wouldn’t the others come back to avenge their brothers? Again, I hope not. We don’t want a sequel.\""
"6824" "\"Vitals: 330 Townsend St. (near Fourth Street), San Francisco; (415) 974-5599. marlowesf.com. Lunch weekdays; dinner Monday-Saturday. Beer and wine. Reservations and credit cards accepted.\""
"6825" "\"And Tito Sanchez is throwing a party to celebrate his grandson's freedom. He booked the mariachi band the day the sexual-assault charge was dropped.\""
"6826" "\"I asked Christakis what he thought parents should take away from all of this information and my favorite quote is the same one he used to sum up his brilliant talk: \\"Change the beginning, and you change the whole story.\\"\""
"6827" "\"When we've tried to take this series of bumps in the past at higher speeds (above 20 mph) in the regular TRD Tacoma, the results were both jarring and unnerving. It was easy to tell we were running outside the suspension setup's capabilities. However, when trying the same section in the Baja Series, the shocks made all the difference. At 20, 30 and 40 mph, the series of ruts and bumps felt like they were getting smoother. In high-range four-wheel drive, we found the best way to keep control of the Tacoma was to keep the revs high (around 3,000 or 4,000 rpm) in 2nd or 3rd gear (depending on speed) and aim for the tops of the whoops. In fact, after just a short amount of time, it was clear from the feel of the truck that it could do higher speeds as well, which we did.\""
"6828" "\"Yet that six-figure contribution accounted for only 5 percent of the money attorneys and law firms have given Nixon since October 2010.\""
"6829" "\"HHS research suggests the policy could deepen the hardship for people who collect benefits as well.\""
"6830" "\"Not dream jobs, not a native Ohioan returning home, not the draw of competing in the new Big Ten with its SEC-style championship game.\""
"6831" "\"RUNNING START\""
"6832" "\"There's been a lot of publicity about those front-row \\"Legends\\" seats behind home plate. Yes, they reduced the price from $2,500 per ticket to $1,250, a viable cost for Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg but still too high for just about everyone else.\""
"6833" "\"A 99 cents iTunes song or iPhone app, for instance, would jump to about $1.05, after the 6 percent sales tax is added. But some worry that a broader range of products and services could end up being taxed than originally intended, based on the bill's language.\""
"6834" "\"Bell had a stable home in midtown until his friend and roommate got sick and died in their apartment.\""
"6835" "\"“It’s worrying for livestock producers,” he said. “It’s an alarming trend.”\""
"6836" "\"What it means: Health insurance costs will rise for some workers, but exactly how many is unclear. That’s because currently, some contracts require workers to pay a percentage of health care premiums, while others require workers to pay a specific dollar toward the employer’s monthly health insurance bill.\""
"6837" "\"“If only they had made an exact duplicate of the generator they had there, with a better alloy, we wouldn't be here today,” Gundersen said.\""
"6838" "\"Receiver Michael Floyd, the first-round pick, started 42 of 43 career games at Notre Dame.\""
"6839" "\"11:00 am\""
"6840" "\"\\"So there's more coming up and there's more Europeans, there's definitely going to be,\\" he said. \\"We are in a golden period at the moment. The players are only maturing at this stage.\\"\""
"6841" "\"Webster, with his crazy new hairstyle, shook as many hands as he could after the final buzzer – even all three referees – then went over and kissed his wife and mother-in-law and pointed to multiple people in the stands.\""
"6842" "\"7. Tanner Brown, CM, 20-0\""
"6843" "\"If Mr. Buffett has a guilty conscience, he can increase donations to charity or simply pay more in taxes. But suggesting we raise the taxes on the wealthy will lead to more problems than it solves.\""
"6844" "\"Cardinals vice president Dan Farrell stressed that a decision hasn't been made about KSDK and FSM.\""
"6845" "\"\\"Today we are providing new hope and a fresh start for thousands of children who have been trapped in underperforming schools,\\" said Schundler.\""
"6846" "\"By David R. Francis\""
"6847" "\"The Jefferson Awards program was founded in 1972 by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Sen. Robert Taft, Jr. and Sam Beard, who also founded the National Development Council. “If we ever lost the spirit of volunteerism in our neighborhoods, it would be a totally different country,” Beard said at the event.\""
"6848" "\"The Clinic is devoting a new full-time staff member based in Washington D.C., yet to be hired, to be a voice on regulatory and health policy issues.\""
"6849" "\"In order to make the regional list, hospitals had to be \\"highly performing,\\" meaning that they placed in the top 25 percent among their peers in performance outcomes that included patient safety and care.\""
"6850" "\"TRENTON — A Trenton man charged with robbing the same Hamilton bank twice in a nine-month span, as well as shooting a teller and committing a carjacking could face a sentence of up to 137 years in prison if convicted on all counts.\""
"6851" "\"Oct. 26: I Musici di Roma\""
"6852" "\"FRANKFURT, Germany -- The Frankfurt auto show -- Europe's biggest and traditionally the launchpad for optimistic sales projections -- is a study in contrast as automakers' prepared talking points collided with reality and came away dented.\""
"6853" "\"Connecticut Athletic Director Warde Manuel said the move will not affect his school's affiliation with the Big East.\""
"6854" "\"Cooper was arrested and charged on April 30 with a felony count of arson to property. At the time, he was jailed in San Bernardino County on suspicion of committing domestic violence.\""
"6855" "\"Volunteers will oversee electronic filing sites in Strongsville, Parma, Parma Heights, Brookpark, Broadview Heights, Middleburg Heights and Seven Hills.\""
"6856" "\"They will be back at Atlanta Motor Speedway to race, starting at 11 a.m., though that green-flag drop will come with a cautionary warning: More rain is expected in the area on Tuesday.\""
"6857" "\"That's true for dispensaries as well as banks.\""
"6858" "\"The airport last fall struck a contract worth up to $3 million in the first year with aviation consulting firm Ricondo & Associates to do the master plan update over about two years. The airport plans to eventually hold public input sessions.\""
"6859" "\"Each year, the tournament turns into a big stage looking for a star. Dickey became the first to take the spotlight.\""
"6860" "\"TB: Wilsonville\""
"6861" "\"That's why Romney's shift to Obama's side in the president's battle with House Republicans over student loans may be his most instructive flip-flop yet. It shows that Romney will do all he can to soften his underlying radicalism. His goal is to deprive Obama of ways to reveal the concrete impact of free-market utopianism -- and the price of the cutbacks Romney embraced by endorsing Rep. Paul Ryan's budget.\""
"6862" "\"Brown said the star shooting guard continued to progress in his recovery but noted he \\"most likely\\" would not play Wednesday against Golden State in Oakland. The Lakers have four games left in the regular season.\""
"6863" "\"Oof. ESPN is a ten-figure NBA partner. A game that used to hawk itself as faaaaantastic must now combat aaaaambivalence.\""
"6864" "\"The Nets were content to take over from there. Green buried three 3-pointers and Brooks hit a backbreaker late in the game to squash Philadelphia's comeback bid.\""
"6865" "\"An affidavit said the woman dated Terc for a few months and had recently broken up with him. Terc had been upset and was following her around, and threatened to kill her new boyfriend and his father, the affidavit said.\""
"6866" "\"The two sides have blamed each other for thwarting the truce, with Assad's forces trying to repress demonstrators calling for him to step down and an armed rebellion that has sprung up as peaceful protests have proved ineffective against his forces. The U.N. says 9,000 people have died since the uprising began in March 2011.\""
"6867" "\"Foresight Research's annual Dealership Experience Strategy Report, released Monday, showed that most consumers shun their vehicle's printed manual. Only 39% said they read the manual to learn about their vehicle's features, while 59% like to learn directly from dealer personnel and 45% said they like learning about the features online.\""
"6868" "\"Dodds said diesel prices are also rising, with the price of a gallon in Oregon now up to $3.10. It was $2.68 this time last year.\""
"6869" "\"Bushmeyer initially contended that occupancy levels have no effect on the structure's value - because AT&T leases the entire 1.2 million-square-foot building, regardless of the space filled. But Bushmeyer ultimately bought the landlord's argument that the relatively short period left on the lease, along with potential renovations needed to accommodate multiple tenants, justified the lower assessment.\""
"6870" "\"Republicans Terrence O'Donnell and Robert Cupp will face, respectively, Democrats Robert W. Price and Fanon A. Rucker.\""
"6871" "\"“In a nutshell, its been co-opted by the industry, so on one hand they have some mission of only supporting ‘independent’ stores, but then the bulk of releases are overpriced crap from major labels - the same ones that tried to destroy indie stores back when they had any power in the 1990s,” Steinhardt says. “On top of that, I think the collector culture of vinyl is really dangerous for the longevity of the format. So while this day claims to be celebrating the format, by being all about limited ephemera and not about music, it’s rapidly speeding up the music industry’s demise.”\""
"6872" "\"It is this sea change of culture that formed the discussions this week in Seattle. Gathered in the Seattle sunshine – isn't always sunny in Seattle? – those who were attending the Festival of Preaching Northwest pondered what it means to ask \\"is there a word from the Lord?\\" in culture where pews are often vacant. The question is daunting.\""
"6873" "\"He didn't describe what the restructuring might involve.\""
"6874" "\"The justices strongly suggested Wednesday that they are ready to let Arizona enforce the most controversial part of its law, a requirement that police officers check the immigration status of people they suspect are in the country illegally. Such a ruling could codify the type of local enforcement that some local authorities in Arizona have carried out over the last six years and open the door to such enforcement in states with similar laws, such as Alabama, Georgia, Indiana, South Carolina and Utah.\""
"6875" "\"Despite these challenges, there are opportunities in the area of build-to-suit projects for single tenants, particularly within the industrial, office and health care sectors. National credit tenants - those with strong balance sheets and solid credit ratings of B+ or better - are expanding and looking for properties throughout the country.\""
"6876" "\"Bougainvillea are heavy feeders that require regular monthly fertilization. Nitrogen and phosphate are critical to flowering, but do not overfertilize with these two elements because it will add growth and inhibit blooming.\""
"6877" "\"The list is a way for problem gamblers to help ensure they don't give in to their addiction by obligating the casinos to recognize and stop them at the entrance to the casino floor.\""
"6878" "\"He was a true car enthusiast and sold after-market performance car parts.\""
"6879" "\"To prevent that, Perry is bringing in Tony Fabrizio, a veteran who was chief strategist for Bob Dole's 1996 presidential campaign, to help top strategist David Carney. Also joining the team are strategist Nelson Warfield, consultant Curt Anderson, media guru Jim Innocenzi and operative Fred Maas.\""
"6880" "\"But Chara atoned for that mistake with his goal, and this time the B’s wouldn’t cough up the lead, even with Lucic in the box and Holtby pulled for an extra skater. For Lucic, it was a long 1:14.\""
"6881" "\"\\"We're attacking the small problems and not grappling with the really big ones,\\" he said.\""
"6882" "\"A witness initially called in the incident, reporting that a white Toyota was seen Thursday mowing down shorebirds on Sunset Beach.\""
"6883" "\"\\"It's the fastest-selling plane going into production that Boeing has ever had,\\" Jack Jones, the vice president and general manager of the plant told reporters earlier Friday. He said the company already has 854 orders from 59 customers.\""
"6884" "\"Bryant was considered among the 10 most-talented players in this draft, but Dallas nabbed him at No. 24.\""
"6885" "\"In fairness, the governor and his fellow Republicans are, with good intentions, trying to do two things at once: deploy public resources, but set up a private structure to do the job. Neither goal is likely to be well and truly accomplished.\""
"6886" "\"And yet his teammates know what a confident Afflalo can mean.\""
"6887" "\"The ruling, signed Wednesday, comes nearly two months after the Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries investigators found substantial evidence the restaurant chain discriminated against its Thai workers. It did so, the agency said, partly by leveraging their special work visas to pay them less, work them longer and subject them to less favorable contract terms and working conditions than their non-Thai peers.\""
"6888" "\"By MARK KENNEDY\""
"6889" "\"Not to miss: Daily fish specials paired with seasonal vegetables, fresh oysters, bittersweet chocolate crostata.\""
"6890" "\"The survey results confirm what area players have known since the place went public in 1963: Sleepy ranks as one of the best challenges in the area. It is demanding but fair. You will find plenty of trouble if you are not accurate, from the many deep ravines to the 58 bunkers that strategically dot the course. Reaching many of the greens offers little solace because of steep contours. There are few flat putting surfaces. The course is a classic \\"out and in\\" design, with the opening holes on both nines playing downhill and with the wind and the incoming holes playing uphill and into the wind. The fairways are narrow and the Cleveland Metroparks woods lurk as stealers of errant shots.\""
"6891" "\"Handwerg said the strike was suspended until March 9, pending the resumption of talks between both sides. Pilots for Lufthansa Cargo and the low-budget subsidiary, Germanwings, were also taking part in the strike.\""
"6892" "\"To cover up her embezzlement, she solicited others to commit arson by burning consigned fiberglass in-ground pools at a lot in Imperial, and intended to submit insurance claims for the burned pools.\""
"6893" "\"The show took its time getting to the \\"Star Trek\\" material, and then dwelled on it lightly. Shatner clearly wanted to open up other, less-familiar corners of his \\"World.\\" There were sketches of his mother and father, a long story about driving a rabbi from Vancouver to Chicago, clips from a movie in which he played Alexander the Great and snapshots, both photographic and verbal, of his current wife and his three daughters from a previous marriage.\""
"6894" "\"\\"There weren't a lot of fences. People used to be able to ride across Napa Valley on their horse and no one cared,\\" he said. \\"Now 80 percent of the people live in cities.\\"\""
"6895" "\"Rather than ignore the rantings of just one of its 30,000 employees, Goldman put its communications machine into over-drive. A memo from CEO Lloyd Blankfein even outlined the fact that 89 percent of the 85 percent of Goldman employees who responded to a company survey said they believe the firm provides excellent service to its clients. Huh? By my math that means 25 percent of Goldmanites don’t believe that to be the case, or were too lazy to vote. No matter, the firm continued its pattern of protesting too much.\""
"6896" "\"Stephanie Saffouri\""
"6897" "\"Gov. John Kasich would like to leverage turnpike tolls to generate hundreds of millions of dollars -- if not several billion -- for transportation projects, mostly in northern Ohio.\""
"6898" "\"Coping with change has been a theme this offseason for almost everyone else.\""
"6899" "\"Information from witnesses and family members led investigators to Gates, Hundelt said.\""
"6900" "\"\\"I thought I would get some kind of feeling from the Browns or some other team, that they'd say something or hint at something that would give me a feeling on where I was going to go, but I really have no clue,\\" Tannehill said in a phone interview Monday. \\"I'm in the dark.\\"\""
"6901" "\"In the meantime, she vowed, the show will go on as planned Aug. 8-14. The Sussex County Benefit series of 13 one-day shows, a big fundraising effort that is crucial in keeping the August show solvent, will continue as well. The first of those shows, also staged at the fairgrounds, was held yesterday.\""
"6902" "\"Attending this would not be impossible, but it would be very difficult. My husband thinks we should make a $200 donation and not attend the event. Is this a fair compromise? Do I even have to compromise? - Friend's Benefit\""
"6903" "\"ø\\"Anyone who has ever picked up a shell on a beach has the collector gene,\\" says Silicon Valley futurist Paul Saffo. \\"There's little difference between someone who saves old Kodachrome prints in a garage and the person who stores digital photos online. If anything, the collector gene will be unleashed by the cloud.\\"\""
"6904" "\"\\"My dad has a dog, so I've been out here with him since I was about 16,\\" said Grant Stegehuis, 20, the CGDA's youngest member from Arvada. \\"Now that I have my own dog, I realize it's a lot different training your own dog. There's a lot more patience involved. I have to remind myself that she's only 2 years old, so she's getting there.\""
"6905" "\"Young's incident gained national attention throughout Friday, ironically coming just days an African-American Washington Capitals player, Joel Ward, got hit with a Twitter barrage of racially charged insults from Boston Bruins fans after he scored the Game 7-winning overtime goal in their first-round series.\""
"6906" "\"Gibson was transported by LifeFlight to Legacy Emanuel Hospital & Health Center, according to Lt. Gregg Hastings of the Oregon State Police.\""
"6907" "\"\\"They've got a lot of good players up front, some skill, nobody you're necessarily going to key on like some teams have, but they definitely have some threats up front that you have to be aware of,\\" Detroit defenseman Brad Stuart said. \\"When you can have that threat of multiple guys being able to score, it's more effective than just having one guy. They've been getting timely goals from everybody and that's the key to success through a long season.\\"\""
"6908" "\"Friday’s letter that U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services director Cindy Mann sent to Human Services commissioner Jennifer Velez did not mention specifically the $300 million savings the governor anticipates, or the notice it sent to New Jersey last fall.\""
"6909" "\"øSpearmon, however, was competing against a Relays icon of the past.\""
"6910" "\"Now Rocco, who ran with Howie Winter’s Winter Hill Gang, co-stars in the Starz series “Magic City” (premiering tonight at 10). The Miami-set drama tells the story of Ike Evans, a glitzy Jewish hotelier (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) in business with the mob. Rocco plays Morgan’s dad, Arthur, a character the 76-year-old knows well.\""
"6911" "\"ATLANTIC CITY — It’s too soon to tell whether Gov. Chris Christie’s decision to dismiss state Supreme Court Justice John Wallace will be the first step toward remaking the court, but it may be sparking activism among attorneys.\""
"6912" "\"Mission: Impossible - Visitors waiting in the queue are recruited as sleeper agents before climbing aboard a military-style vehicle for a 4D special effects ride through action scenes inspired by the Tom Cruise movies. The ride appears to employ motion based simulator vehicles similar to the Amazing Adventures of Spider-man at Universal's Islands of Adventure theme park in Florida.\""
"6913" "\"If you rubbed your eyes and squinted, you might see the blond, cute beauty queen Meanwell, 36, must have been a dozen years ago, not the gal with the Rikers pallor she’s developed after a week of failing to make bail.\""
"6914" "\"In California in 1996, roughly 102,300 teens got their licenses as soon as they turned 16. In 2009, only about 69,800 16-year-olds did so, according to the Department of Motor Vehicles' 2010 Age & Gender Report.\""
"6915" "\"\\"There can be no holes in the box because that could allow insects inside,\\" said Kaipo W. Ng, a plant protection and quarantine officer. Blooms leaving the islands must be declared at the airport and:\""
"6916" "\"\\"It's hard to come back from seven runs,\\" Gonzalez said. \\"We're always pushing and trying to make it happen. But it's not going to happen every single night.\\"\""
"6917" "\"Other drinks include wild honeysuckle liqueur, smoked honey and sage liqueur and scarlet sumac-infused bourbon or Ceylon cinnamon tincture.\""
"6918" "\"Stephen Tarpley started for USC and improved to 5-1 after holding the Beavers to six hits and two runs over 7 1/3 innings. He walked one, struck out five and threw 107 pitches.\""
"6919" "\"A viewing, which the public may attend, will be 6 to 8 p.m. Friday at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 1521 E. Bella Vista Road in San Tan Valley.\""
"6920" "\"“Hopefully, I can make that play we’re talking about in the Super Bowl,” he says, “and maybe GBNB will catch on around the country.”\""
"6921" "\"\\"In a series of meetings with Bahrainian officials, the Congresswoman asked numerous questions about reported human rights violations and the government's suppression of civil protests last year (that nation's version of an \\"Arab Spring\\").\""
"6922" "\"Chesapeake has denied the well-investment program created any conflict of interest. It said McClendon negotiated the loans separately and did not participate in negotiations on the asset sale.\""
"6923" "\"The last three home games are prime examples. The Mavs built 20-plus-point leads in all three, only to see the Nets cut it to five in the third quarter, the Jazz tie it up in the fourth quarter and the Bucks come all the back to win and snap Dallas' 12-game winning streak on Monday.\""
"6924" "\"Heck, Larry Brown got $5 million a year and his last team didn't even make the playoffs!\""
"6925" "\"Smit-Lozano said it took until her mid-teens to accept her father's lifestyle.\""
"6926" "\"\\"So I think whenever that happens, I'll kind of consider everything,\\" said Smith.\""
"6927" "\"\\"The sensation is extraordinary. I was immediately seduced by the quality of this surface,\\" said Gaston Cloup, who leads the veteran crew. \\"It's not the same color as traditional clay but it's a traditional clay surface. All products used to make it are identical to usual process, including the dye.\\"\""
"6928" "\"Alternative libations: If you're not a huge wine connoisseur or if you've just had one glass too many and are craving a change, try their Trumer Pilsner beer. It is $3 a pint during happy hour and a great alternative to a glass of wine. Enjoy your beer while watching the game on their flat-screen TV.\""
"6929" "\"MIT says it is trying to make design changes to military drones that will enable the aircraft to recognize the hand gestures of flight crew assigned to guide them on to the deck of aircraft carriers.\""
"6930" "\"Using anonymous avatars, some longtime commenters – now old friends — consoled one another, saying goodbye and vowing to never use the new format. Enemies patched up years of bitterness, agreeing that their arguments were in good spirit and that the halcyon days were over.\""
"6931" "\"But when Clark, 65, founded the Anoka County Chapter 470 Vietnam Veterans of America Honor Guard 14 years ago, he did so not only to pay final respects to fellow veterans. He did it, in part, to reconnect with veterans who could share war stories that only they could understand.\""
"6932" "\"INDEPENDENCE, Ohio -- A business and technology consulting firm, with locations throughout the country and in Europe, has opened an office in Independence with plans to hire 80 people within the next three years.\""
"6933" "\"Melissa and Maks: Safe. Gavin and Karina: Safe. Karina is very happily surprised.\""
"6934" "\"Shredded lettuce\""
"6935" "\"The state Assembly Committee on Public Safety, which is chaired by Jersey City Assemblyman Charles Mainor, is holding its April meeting tomorrow at New Jersey City University in Jersey City.\""
"6936" "\"News that European leaders were drawing up a new rescue plan for Greece and taking a broader approach to dealing with Europe's debt troubles drove markets higher Thursday.\""
"6937" "\"\\"All 60 minutes,\\" said Bryz. \\"They kept coming and coming and pushing and pushing.\\"\""
"6938" "\"\\"We will hire throughout the summer,\\" Duis said. \\"And if one store isn't hiring, there's typically another store that is two to five miles away.\\"\""
"6939" "\"A swift setup puts an otherworldly, limitless power source (the mysterious cube seen in the teaser at the end of \\"Thor\\") in the hands of Loki (Tom Hiddleston), the banished, power-hungry brother of Thor (Chris Hemsworth), who plans to use it to defeat and subjugate the entire human race. Since the all-powerful cube was in the hands of S.H.I.E.L.D., the secret global organization that acts as the planet's protector, it falls to its director, Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson), to find a way to get it back.\""
"6940" "\"As the storm moves closer and strengthens, rain will fall at a heavier pace. As this happens, the temperature will lower to the point that allows rain to become mixed with or change to snow in some locations.\""
"6941" "\"And she did learn, from many people, from many parts of Mexico. Wong Fillmore, a working linguist and retired UC Berkeley professor of education, estimates that she has made more than 75,000 tamales. And she has staged a tamalada, or tamale-making party, for 55 consecutive Christmas Eves. She became smitten with this traditional Mexican holiday feast when she was living in Gilroy teaching the children of migrant farmworkers.\""
"6942" "\"This lesbian nightclub offers one of the hottest dance floors in town. Single ladies get the floor Thursdays, and Sundays are Dizco nights. There are plenty of reasons to hit the bar on any night, though, because happy hour is offered from 5-9 p.m. every day.\""
"6943" "\"“Now I’m responsible for the orientation, education and certification for 70 nurses, but I love it,” said Burrell, RN, CPN.\""
"6944" "\"My father, pastor of the local church in town, saw the congregation cut his salary to $73 a month to support a family of four. He fell in arrears of about a year because the congregation could not provide that amount.\""
"6945" "\"10. Riverside, Calif.\""
"6946" "\"7745 Circle Dr, $37,000\""
"6947" "\"Vanyo has been accepted at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville for academics, but he's keeping his options open.\""
"6948" "\"Bond prices fell, pushing their yields slightly higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3.42 percent from 3.40 percent late Friday.\""
"6949" "\"Capt. William Nagle, of the vice and narcotics bureau, will take Keesee's place, and Capt. Jennifer Steck, who occupied Keesee's new position as USAI coordinator, will move to Lamb's office.\""
"6950" "\"The BYU-Hawaii team features two high-scoring guards in Tsung-Hsien Chang of Taiwan (19.9 ppg.) and Jake Dastrup (12.6), a 6-3 guard who has hit 86 3-pointers.\""
"6951" "\"\\"You don't need to thank everyone you've ever met or members of your family, who have done nothing,\\" Gervais said. \\"Just the main two. Your agent and God.\\"\""
"6952" "\"I walk my dogs most mornings at a particular greenbelt area. Along the way I meet Bonnie the pitbull and her \\"dad\\"; Harley the Australian shepherd and her mom; Anubis the Labrador and his dad; the \\"parents\\" of Newfie Buddha, Australian cattle dog Sally, shiba inu Shibi and many others. We always stop to talk with each other while our dogs meet and greet. There's nothing like a happy-go-lucky dog to help break the ice and get people talking. If your daughter is shy, this would be a great way for her to meet people and break out of her shell. Dogs are terrific therapists in this regard.\""
"6953" "\"The state's longest serving governor hosted what he called a national day of prayer, an event at Reliant Stadium that drew roughly 30,000 people and that was broadcast on cable Christian channels and the Internet nationwide, including in at least 1,000 churches.\""
"6954" "\"\\"The everyday worker is probably not aware of what is going on,\\" Ruiz said.\""
"6955" "\"There might be some nerves, too.\""
"6956" "\"McCormac told the student that three minutes was only a start.\""
"6957" "\"Jim Boeheim can tell you all the reasons why Syracuse should not be confused with Penn State. No indictments. No grand jury. No charges at the school (yet).\""
"6958" "\"Rick Siders works in law enforcement in Washington. This was written for The Washington Post.\""
"6959" "\"Recent polls show the state's current coalition government of the conservative Christian Democrats and the pro-business Free Democrats as losing its majority to the center-left opposition parties.\""
"6960" "\"A rival newspaper reported last week that the News of the World had hacked into the phone of U.K. teenage murder victim Milly Dowler in 2002 and may have impeded a police investigation into her disappearance.\""
"6961" "\"King acted on a petition by David Holloway to have the missing 18-year-old declared dead.\""
"6962" "\"The stakes are high. The five-member commission not only decides which species to list as endangered, it also sets policies on everything from hunting to California's new system of \\"marine protected areas,\\" which ban fishing in areas off the coast.\""
"6963" "\"More interesting and perhaps revealing about the brewery is the inspiration behind Waldo's Special Ale. Click here for a history lesson that will explain the name as well as why it will be tapped on April 20 at 4:20 p.m. at the bars listed below (at least the ones with a sense of humor).\""
"6964" "\"Do they really believe that $845 billion, Medicare's projected\""
"6965" "\"-- JIM VERTUNO,Associated Press\""
"6966" "\"Speaking in Concord, N.C., Gingrich congratulated Romney on his victories: \\"It's a night that he has worked hard for, for six years, and … if he does end up as the nominee, I think every conservative in this country has to be committed to defeating Barack Obama.\\"\""
"6967" "\"CHARTER SCHOOLS: At 6:30 p.m., the board will discuss information about charter schools.\""
"6968" "\"A 2001 state audit found that Freeman had mismanaged CMHA and that the agency's board of commissioners failed to provide strong oversight during her tenure. The report noted excessive travel benefits, millions of dollars in unjustified spending and poor record-keeping.\""
"6969" "\"Game 3, April 15, at Philadelphia, 3:00\""
"6970" "\"Menza said of the officers who will be laid off are \\"four of our best. They're street level guys. They're on patrol.\\" But he called it a necessary evil to maintain fiscal solvency.\""
"6971" "\"Strong factory production could help the economy rebound after experiencing weak growth in the first three months of this year. But the construction industry is struggling and manufacturing won't drive enough job growth by itself. Rising prices are also threatening many companies' profit margins.\""
"6972" "\"\\"It seems like the average person is getting squeezed out,\\" he said. \\"The biggest issue is that every year you get a 2 percent or 3 percent raise — if you’re lucky. Even with the caps, your income can’t keep up. … Anybody that’s retiring, they’re out of here.\\"\""
"6973" "\"As it is, the team decided to go with a roster seven deep.\""
"6974" "\"This quarter: $1,672\""
"6975" "\"Sen. Steve Wise, R-Jacksonville, is convinced.\""
"6976" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald is 100 percent Irish.\""
"6977" "\"\\"The glue that holds it all together is the music,\\" Andersen says.\""
"6978" "\"At the time, Clancy was a top-level administrator at Mercy Hospital in Iowa City, a full-time position he kept, with Delaney's knowledge, for more than a year after she hired him to the U's faculty, university records show.\""
"6979" "\"ACRES: 38,600\""
"6980" "\"Anyone with information about the crash or knowledge of the pedestrian is urged to call Salem Police at 503-588-6123.\""
"6981" "\"The most highly recruited player in Arizona's celebrated freshman class, Turner has combined flashes of athleticism this season with some off-court growing pains.\""
"6982" "\"\\"We'd like to come in and win Game 1 and see how they react,\\" captain Joe Thornton said.\""
"6983" "\"The aides will also likely receive wages lower than their pay through Flem-Rar. However, Cox said, they will continue to accrue pension benefits through the same system. ESC is set to provide Flem-Rar with about 65 teacher aides for the 2011-12 school year. The district will pay ESC $23.40 per hour per aide, for a minimum of two hours and a maximum of 6.5 hours daily.\""
"6984" "\"Matthew Bennett, who represents Schurick, said political speech is often deceiving and that the prosecution of Schurick creates a \\"slippery slope\\" that could curtail free speech. He said he saw a campaign poster during that election that depicted O'Malley as being on a ticket with Obama — which he said was designed to trick voters into casting ballots for the incumbent governor. He said the poster was misleading because Obama wasn't running.\""
"6985" "\"A respite: Dozens of frail, elderly and disabled San Franciscans who were set to lose their access to a state- and federally funded health care program April 1 got a dose of good news from city officials.\""
"6986" "\"After working with director Des McAnuff and The Who's Pete Townshend on the Broadway production, which upped the British quotient, Ripley sees Mrs. Walker more within the context of the character's save-face-at-all-costs culture.\""
"6987" "\"1: MOSELEY - Marcus Mariota, QB\""
"6988" "\"\\"I know you'll reach a verdict that's just and in accordance with the law,\\" he said after showing the jury photos of some of the victims on a large screen in the courtroom.\""
"6989" "\"Phoenix's vast network of desert preserves and hiking trails earned the city recognition from National Geographic among the nation's 15 best hiking cities.\""
"6990" "\"California tax authorities said Anderson owes $524,241 in personal income taxes. The Franchise Tax Board included the \\"Baywatch\\" star on a list of the state's 500 biggest income-tax delinquents posted Friday.\""
"6991" "\"New Jersey, contending the transit administration was holding the Garden State to a different standard than other states that have canceled public works projects, paid more than $1 million in legal bills to fight the federal bill collectors.\""
"6992" "\"\\"That tweet came out just because I was upset,\\" Tyner said. \\"He's a great coach, and every NFL team out there wants him. I went to bed kind of mad, but when I woke up and read on Twitter that he was staying, I had a big smile on my face. It relieved a lot of stress.\\"\""
"6993" "\"\\"Today's report must be the beginning, and not the end, of our efforts to discover what has happened at Olympus,\\" he said in a statement. \\"Elucidating the full extent of the wrongdoing cited in the panel's report will require a wide-ranging investigation.\\"\""
"6994" "\"At the core, however, he felt proud of the person he always considered himself to be -- a blue-collar worker who happened to wear a baseball uniform to work. No better. No worse. He made his mother and father proud. He made his wife and children happy that the person they loved never changed from the person he had always been.\""
"6995" "\"King will be inducted posthumously into the Rock Hall this year as an early influence. At the ceremony, his presenters will be ZZ Top members (and fellow Texans) Billy Gibbons and Dusty Hill.\""
"6996" "\"Despite some pre-draft criticism of Blackmon's height (6-1/2) and a DUI in 2010, Heckert has no concerns. He cited the story of Blackmon's close friendship over the past few years with a little girl who has leukemia.\""
"6997" "\"Eventually, they'd like to expand to more schools, saying play could help dampen bullying. They also hope to establish Portland as the North American capital of original play, and to train others in the principles.\""
"6998" "\"Pinfield left “120 Minutes” in 1999; in 2003, it was canceled. The show’s amalgam of offbeat videos, choice classic cuts, clockwork imagery and interview segments was occasionally imitated by other video programs. But no successor to “120 Minutes” ever emerged. It is arguable that YouTube and other free video-sharing sites on the internet are that successor, and that “120 Minutes” is no longer necessary.\""
"6999" "\"A week ago, the high temperature was 61 degrees in Sacramento. On Saturday, the maximum daytime high is forecast to be 25 degrees hotter.\""
"7000" "\"\\"We are happy to be stuck with you Gov Christie. Will continue to work with you to make New Jersey more affordable & business friendly’’ — tweet from Assemblywoman Caroline Casagrande (R-Monmouth)\""
"7001" "\"Congress' lower house voted 207-32 to give the force of law to what President Cristina Fernandez surprisingly decreed two weeks earlier: the expropriation of the Spanish company Repsol SA's $10.5 billion stake in the YPF oil company, without a single centavo paid in advance.\""
"7002" "\"No, the former OSU Team Mom, a.k.a. my mom, isn’t here...haha. She lives in Washington now but still keeps up with news about her OSU sons. We talk almost every weekend after or before games so she’s doing good. I’m sure she gets a little antsy at times though not being able to go to practice and cheer on her OSU sons.\""
"7003" "\"\\"I have no idea who's going to start,\\" he said. \\"Don't ask. Please. I have no clue. I just told you that. There's no sense searching. I have no clue. I keep trying to make that perfectly clear to you guys, but you keep searching. I have no clue who's going to start. None.\""
"7004" "\"NEW YORK — Some of the contents of a trailer stolen in late December from a shipping yard in Linden were recovered in the Bronx on Monday, authorities said.\""
"7005" "\"The mystery unfolds at\""
"7006" "\"In the third game, Pauga had a hand in seven of Liberty's first 10 points to take a quick 10-3 lead, which it would not relinquish. Liberty would again take an early lead (10-5) in the fourth game that Arcadia couldn't keep up with.\""
"7007" "\"Presentation skills give you an edge. \\"What really differentiates people is the ability, the skill to engage other people,\\" said James Chang, director of career services for the Lundquist College of Business at the University of Oregon.\""
"7008" "\"Aside from complaints about the weather, few people had anything bad to say about the biggest day so far in the Olympic Park. Spectators, who bought tickets for the main stadium opening ceremony in March, patiently lined up to enter the sports complex after airport-style security checks. Police helicopters flew over the park and armed police troops patrolled the area.\""
"7009" "\"I suspect that we may just live in an age when glorifying avant-garde architects feels safer than honoring heroic generals.\""
"7010" "\"Sally Hauser admitted that she and her husband are relying on that commitment to safety. Robert Hauser had a St. Jude heart valve implanted last May.\""
"7011" "\"ATHENS, Ohio -- For the Ohio University men's basketball program -- and perhaps even the Mid-American Conference -- Tuesday's hiring of Jim Christian was meant as a sign that it is time to seize the day.\""
"7012" "\"There's a bonus: More corn plants. The removed stem can be cut into pieces of 10 to 12 inches long and rooted for new plants. The removed top will also root.\""
"7013" "\"Knapp works with about three patients a day, five days a week. Working under the supervision of a licensed staff physical therapist, she helps coordinate the patient's treatment plan, works with the patient to overcome deficits and documents the patient's progress.\""
"7014" "\"The two brothers killed, Chrystoph Iliopoulos, 13, and Hlias Iliopoulos, 18, were \\"good, very good kids,\\" Georgiopoulos said.\""
"7015" "\"But the Broncos - without timeouts - rallied in the last five minutes to tie the game, then defeated the Bears 13-10 in overtime on a 51-yard field goal by Matt Prater.\""
"7016" "\"I've done the same with miniketchup and tequila bottles. The trick is to find a bottle that has character and a big enough opening to drop in the goodies. Once you have the inside filled, you can embellish the outside.\""
"7017" "\"The report issued Thursday, a result of the most extensive Senate ethics investigation in at least two decades, describes the actions inside the senator's office as he sought to manage the fallout from an affair with the wife of one of his former senior aides.\""
"7018" "\"*Canby Saturday Farmers Market, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays, May 7-Oct. 8, Northwest First Avenue between Grant and Fir streets in the railroad parking lot. www.canbysaturdaymarket.com\""
"7019" "\"To be eligible for the one-time payment, an educator must work\""
"7020" "\"That earlier visit to San Francisco found him in agreement with Tomasson, who gave him carte blanche, but did tell him he was looking for a program closer. He was also introduced to the extraordinary dancing ensemble that is SFB today: some balked at performing to another complex Adams score, but talent ultimately won out:\""
"7021" "\"\\"I want to be empowered, I want to be in charge, I want to know what's going on,\\" said the Oakland resident, 45, who has repeatedly asked for the raw data from the defibrillator implanted in his chest to regulate his heart.\""
"7022" "\"Keep some time open on the afternoon of March 11. That's when the 31st annual Italian Dinner, sponsored by the youth ministry at St. Louis Catholic Church, in Clarksville, takes place. More information will follow as we get closer to the day.\""
"7023" "\"-- Kathleen Purvis, The Charlotte Observer\""
"7024" "\"\\"There are so many intelligent kids in your class that the teacher can't give everyone an A, so it's about striving for the good grade,\\" said 17-year-old senior Jacob Choi, who will attend Vanderbilt University this fall. \\"But the competition definitely causes you to strive for excellence - it's not a negative environment.\\"\""
"7025" "\"Irish Genealogy Seminar: 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the Western Reserve Historical Society, 10825 East Blvd., Cleveland. \\"Discover Your Irish Roots,\\" Richard Doherty, a professional genealogist, author and lecturer. $30. $5 for parking. Go to wrhs.org/index.php/library/genealogy to download registration form. E-mail Susan Bonko, sue6565@gmail.com, or Nancy Leinweber, nanbwl@juno.com, for more information.\""
"7026" "\"a. He was busy trying to keep the ship from breaking in two.\""
"7027" "\"Be sure to catch \\"Cryptic: The Use of Allegory in Contemporary Art with a Master Class from Goya,\\" which features the sculptures, paintings and videos by six international contemporary artists: Folkert de Jong, Hiraki Sawa, Allison Schulnik, Dana Schutz, Javier Tellez, and Erika Wanenmacher and the Spanish artist Francisco José de Goya y Lucientes (1746-1828). It runs through Aug. 14. The Food for Thought event is scheduled from 12:30 to 2:30 p.m. July 2 with complimentary tastings. Kids events include play dates for kids ages 2 to 5, at 10 a.m. every first Tuesday of the month. Complimentary coffee and pastries. Kids will enjoy storytelling and activities. When: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and\""
"7028" "\"The multimillionaire novelist's supersized digs at the Ritz-Carlton Residences along the Inner Harbor have by far the highest tax payment of any home in Baltimore this year — almost $350,000. That's more than all the payments from homeowners in some entire city neighborhoods.\""
"7029" "\"\\"Surviving Progress\\" offers no glib answers to such conflicting interests, but to fault the movie for that is like blaming a brilliantly constructed fire alarm for not being a hose.\""
"7030" "\"Sunday, April 1, 2 p.m.\""
"7031" "\"UNION TOWNSHIP — A jam-packed schedule awaits visitors to the Garden State GreenFest today, a three-day celebration of environmental consciousness held at Kean University in Union this weekend.\""
"7032" "\"A call to the private school at that location, the Yeshiva Kol Torah, was not returned by the time of publication.\""
"7033" "\"\\"It allows a private multinational corporation to use a public resource for the economically and environmentally unsustainable practice of bottled water,\\" said Dingfelder, chairwoman of the Senate's natural resources and environment committee.\""
"7034" "\"PG, for some gross-out humor. 92 minutes.\""
"7035" "\"\\"Don't just sit there and suspend someone, and then they come back to school and you're wondering why they're fighting again because the problem has not been resolved,\\" one student said.\""
"7036" "\"\\"We got 2 1/2 inches of rain in about an hour,\\" Theerman said, explaining that some flooding had nothing to do with MSD.\""
"7037" "\"But what matters now is \\"how Toyota expresses its plan and executes the repairs,\\" Smith said.\""
"7038" "\"CleanSpa Pure Pedicure opened a nail care center:\""
"7039" "\"The AARP says it's concerned. If doctors became embroiled in a legal battle over payments, then \\"a general concern would be that physicians would cease to take on new Medicare patients, as well as potentially have issues seeing their current patients,\\" said Ariel Gonzalez, an AARP lobbyist.\""
"7040" "\"The guards led the Blazers on a 22-0 run that gave them a 41-23 lead after the first, one night after scoring a franchise-record-low seven points in the opening quarter against the Lakers.\""
"7041" "\"This kitty could be hard for some folks to look at, but in so many other ways, he's defying all sorts of expectations.\""
"7042" "\"A March 2007 order allows Mexican immigration agents to give \\"humanitarian visas\\" to migrants who have suffered crimes in Mexico.\""
"7043" "\"Saturday's protests - the most turbulent since Oakland police forcefully dismantled an Occupy encampment in November - came just days after the group announced a new round of actions. The group said it planned to use a vacant building as a social center and political hub and threatened to try to shut down the Port of Oakland for a third time, occupy the airport and take over City Hall.\""
"7044" "\"His average of 12 points and his 40.7% shooting this season were both the second lowest during his 10-year career.\""
"7045" "\"Bob DeSalvio, a Bergen County native who is president of Sands Bethlehem, expects the majority of the casino traffic to be from his home state.\""
"7046" "\"By Scott Powers and Mark K. Matthews, Orlando Sentinel\""
"7047" "\"That may seem draconian. The kids should come first, right?\""
"7048" "\"This is also the starting point for the annual Hollywood Christmas Parade, originally called the Santa Claus Lane Parade, which inspired Gene Autry to write \\"Here Comes Santa Claus\\" in 1946 after taking part in the fun.\""
"7049" "\"The orbiter will be on display this summer at the Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum in Manhattan. Astronaut Scott Kelly is going to make an appearance on the Intrepid during Fleet Week in May. The West Orange native will be attending a ceremony honoring Gabrielle Giffords, the wife of Kelly’s twin brother, Mark.\""
"7050" "\"-- POPE on if there is a disappointment after losing\""
"7051" "\"As is his wont, Brown channeled Michael Jackson at times, especially during “She Ain’t You,” which sampled the King of Pop’s “Human Nature.” At the end of the song, Brown was a backlit silhouette, moonwalking well enough to fool even Billie Jean.\""
"7052" "\"The dismissal comes three days before Dior is set to unveil Mr. Galliano's fall-winter 2011/2012 collection before the world's fashion critics and retail buyers at Paris Fashion Week. But the severity of the designer's remarks meant Dior had to act, says a person close to the company.\""
"7053" "\"\\"She did everything better than I did today. I had a good first couple of games, and that was about it,\\" Sharapova said. \\"Then she was the one that was taking the first ball and hitting it deep and aggressive. I was always the one running around like a rabbit, you know, trying to play catch-up all the time.\\"\""
"7054" "\"“The city is willing to help,” said Thompson, adding that they have the right to repaint.\""
"7055" "\"Despite that costly effort, which is still generating legal bills, the union narrowly won a representation vote last fall among the 66 paid paramedics and EMTs who work for the association.\""
"7056" "\"\\"I think the community has the feeling that there's some type of cover-up,\\" said Jeffrey Sloman, former U.S. attorney in Miami. \\"At least the department's involvement makes sure it gets some review. He wasn't a police officer. I'm sure that this is going to be a tough case to prosecute.\\"\""
"7057" "\"TRENTON — Republicans are shaking up their ticket in one of the most hotly contested legislative races in the state.\""
"7058" "\"The tall, broad-shouldered son bore a striking resemblance to his father. Harvard-educated Dmitri was a playboy who began to race cars competitively in 1962 and maintained an active professional operatic career as a basso profundo until 1982.\""
"7059" "\"\\"@ThePack_Man: Y would @JonVilma51 use the #SI cover of the bounty scandle?\\"bc Jon Vilma can.\\"\""
"7060" "\"The Michigan Court of Appeals dismissed a challenge Friday of new redistricting maps for the Oakland County Board of Commissioners.\""
"7061" "\"\\"I didn't think I was going to have anybody because I had the fastest time by 30 seconds,\\" Fischer said. \\"Then Courtney Rogers came up and led six laps. I was trying to stay calm because I knew she was going to try to take off. When we had 800 meters left, I was like, ‘OK, I have to go now.' I probably should have kicked harder too then. I just haven't been lately, I don't know why.\\"\""
"7062" "\"Brandon Mason, senior analyst for PwC Autofacts, said over the next six years, auto production should grow 5.3 percent per year, with most of that growth coming from Asia and South America.\""
"7063" "\"But the authority, which still oversees the Izod Center and operated Giants Stadium before it was torn down, insisted its deals were not subject to the state’s public records laws. In court filings, the authority argued that release of the details of its contracts with promoters would put it at a competitive disadvantage against other entertainment venues vying for the same acts. The agency also said publication of such details would discourage major entertainers from performing at Izod.\""
"7064" "\"The bombs were found on sidewalks during a rally of up to ten thousand leftists on May Day, but police officers initially thought they were just large pyrotechnics and picked them up by hand to have them checked by experts.\""
"7065" "\"Splitters: 1.1\""
"7066" "\"Mendoza treasured her summers there.\""
"7067" "\"MEDINA “Children of Eden” isn’t one of the better-known Biblical musicals being produced on stage these days. As a matter of fact, the music, lyrics and book are substandard and not on the same level as such productions as “Godspell,” Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat” and “Jesus Christ Superstar.”\""
"7068" "\"Rep. Mike Turner (R) - $94,283\""
"7069" "\"By now, it could reasonably be expected that at least a few of the 600 displaced scientists and researchers let go by the pharmaceutical giant would have found their way to the Center for Emerging Technologies or other entrepreneurial incubators, such as the one St. Louis County operates in conjunction with the Danforth Plant Science Center.\""
"7070" "\"The company also reported its earnings today for the second quarter. It had a net loss of $4.6 million, or 11 cents a share, compared to a profit of $5.3 million, or 12 cents a share, in the same period last year. The company blamed the drop in part on a more rapid-than-expected decline in toning footwear and to some continuing costs associated with the implementation of a new information technology system.\""
"7071" "\"That’s probably all the information you really want to know. But I’ll fill in the details anyway in case you get into an argument tonight with the uninformed — those in politics and in the media would be included — who think there isn’t a real reason for the price increases we’ve experienced lately.\""
"7072" "\"Poe wore his hair a little long, and a mustache. But John Cusack gives America’s first great suffering artist an intellectual’s (or pseudo-intellectual’s) goatee, a cape and a lot of swagger, a cross between Lord Byron and Sherlock Holmes. The bottle is ever-present, the debts to his bartenders ever pressing. But not to worry.\""
"7073" "\"Obama's announcement Wednesday quickly helped his campaign fundraising. He is set to visit California on Thursday to star at a fundraiser at the home of actor George Clooney, an event that has already raised $13 million from a largely Hollywood crowd that historically has supported same-sex marriage.\""
"7074" "\"Certainly, Coles was not at the top of anyone's wish list when handicapping what the new Browns' management team might do in free agency. But strange things are happening in Berea these days. Stay tuned.\""
"7075" "\"The chapter gave out regional Emmy awards in 76 categories. The event was in\""
"7076" "\"Texas legislators passed a law last year to effectively remove Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers from the Texas Medicaid Women's Health Program as of Tuesday.\""
"7077" "\"Republicans said much of the food stamp savings would come from tightening eligibility and that the savings equal just 4% of the program's budget. And they said it's wrong for illegal immigrants to claim refundable child tax credits when they are ineligible for other federal benefits, like the earned income tax credit for the working poor.\""
"7078" "\"Adams was one of many men who learned to string together a living out of odd jobs, working as a fry cook, an auto mechanic and the town's one-man, part-time police force.\""
"7079" "\"Ravi explained that he told others what he had seen because he needed advice and had shut off and turned his webcam away the second time Clementi asked to use the room, on Sept. 21.\""
"7080" "\"This is the first time in the history of our city that the mayor has been left with no staff to conduct the taxpayers’ business. This “do-nothing” action by the four council members is both draconian and egregious in nature.\""
"7081" "\"It seemed every time Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad sneezed, the price for a barrel of oil would escalate. Even though the daily market values were for \\"future\\" delivery, the cost of gasoline would jump immediately. Why?\""
"7082" "\"Which is not to say the event is not worthy, but one should learn to walk before strutting. Rather than mastering the details that would lead to one fabulous blow-out day or two here in Cleveland, the almost-hit events are spread out over a long week and never quite capture the public interest necessary to become truly significant.\""
"7083" "\"Backes and many of his teammates have experienced winning a playoff game for the first time, and now they have experienced winning a series. Sometimes in sports, it's possible to make a cake and eat it too. Earlier this week, Backes was named one of three finalists for the Selke Trophy as the league's top defensive forward, along with Boston's Patrice Bergeron and Detroit's Pavel Datsyuk.\""
"7084" "\"OFFENSIVE FORCE\""
"7085" "\"When informed of the tweet on the 140-character messaging service Twitter late Wednesday night, Goodwin rose to her feet on the Senate floor to complain.\""
"7086" "\"The budget proposal takes steps to prepare for the possible sale of the state turnpike, but the sale proceeds are not included in the budget.\""
"7087" "\"Source: From Neil Senturia's book \\"I'm There for You, Baby: The Entrepreneur's Guide to the Galaxy,\\" which has more than 200 rules for entrepreneurs\""
"7088" "\"Yet these laws do little to help poor workers. In January, economists at Charles River Associates prepared a report for the mayor on a similar bill. They found that some low-paid workers would get raises — but others would become unemployed. And the pain would be worst in The Bronx and Staten Island, because those boroughs have more low-wage workers.\""
"7089" "\"\\"I was really shocked,\\" said Ziari, who'd been raised in the peaceful Baha'i faith, which teaches that the Earth is one country and all people are its citizens. \\"It was something I should have known, but I didn't know.\\"\""
"7090" "\"Chasse, 42, who suffered from schizophrenia, died in police custody from broad-based blunt force trauma to his chest.\""
"7091" "\"‘‘It's real big,'' Castro said of his 2012 season. ‘‘Real big because it's my third year, and everybody, and the people in the organization, they want to see if I'm good like I was in the first year and the second year.''\""
"7092" "\"The nationwide \\"Water -- Use It Wisely\\" offices have developed a step-by-step guide to landscape watering.\""
"7093" "\"\\"We were just fans of the Andy Griffith Show,\\" says Beck, who wrote \\"Aunt Bee's Mayberry Cookbook\\" with co-author Jim Clark. \\"We knew how we loved the show and we knew how fans felt. We filled it with photos and dialogue from scenes around food. We gave all the recipes names based on Mayberry characters.\\"\""
"7094" "\"A cool, campy, cozy space with chili-pepper lights; leopard-print stools; leggy, Vargas-like pinups on the walls; rock, pop, rockabilly and tribute bands on weekends, and the occasional burlesque dancer or sword swallower.\""
"7095" "\"On that day, CNBC business reporter Rick Santelli stood on the floor of the Chicago Board of Trade and began ranting about the unfairness of it all. Not the bank bailout, mind you, but the 6.3 percent of the TARP program intended to help people modify their underwater mortgages.\""
"7096" "\"The Sharks have proven they can't take a bunch of penalties, or else the Blues will make them pay.\""
"7097" "\"Defense attorney Richard Pachter asked for a sentence of 18 months, calling his client's cooperation \\"extraordinary,\\" but that was a non-starter for U.S. District Judge Edward J. Garcia.\""
"7098" "\"And the Tuesday evening Bible study that once met in various members' homes now meets weekly at Claire's bedside.\""
"7099" "\"It's the narration that puts a damper on things. Although three-time Academy Award-winning actress Meryl Streep - who provides a third or so of the voiceover, contrary to what promotional materials indicate - does her emotive best to make us care about global warming and its impact on the Arctic's flippered and four-legged inhabitants, the script is mildly instructive at best (roughly 20,000 polar bears left on Earth, etc.) and off-puttingly preachy at worst. This a large-scale documentary, after all, not a Sierra Club ad.\""
"7100" "\"Six Flags Discovery Kingdom in Vallejo will stay open until midnight with a live band, dance music, holiday shows and fireworks.\""
"7101" "\"The Tar Heels’ lead peaked at 33 in the second half before Marquette drew within 14. That was as close as the Golden Eagles could get, though.\""
"7102" "\"Rao traveled to India several months ago to meet with the relatives and present them with money the public had donated to help ship the bodies back there. After those expenses were met, he was still able to give each family about $7,500, he said.\""
"7103" "\"Guarini unwittingly played a key role in the investigation, shifting it from what had primarily been a money laundering probe into a wide-ranging political corruption case.\""
"7104" "\"At some point between my Laguna newsstand experience Friday morning and my late-night bus breakdown, I squeezed in a visit to Newport Dunes, which was hosting a gathering/show of vintage travel trailers. There I found an Orange County guy chucking it all to follow his dream.\""
"7105" "\"Turning again to what he would have done differently, Christie for the first time admitted a measure of responsibility for staying in Florida during last winter’s blizzard.\""
"7106" "\"While looking at an older rental home in Richmond Heights, the Baums noticed a nice-sized empty lot for sale just across the street. \\"We thought, we'll just build what we want,\\" says Melissa. They began looking at magazines for ideas and were inspired by Better Homes & Gardens' 2007 Home of the Year, which was a newly built home with the look of an older, traditional Arts and Crafts style house. It was important to them that their new home looked like it belonged among the older houses on the street, rather than sticking out like a sore thumb.\""
"7107" "\"Those trade-offs include:\""
"7108" "\"\\"Four thumbs-up,\\" Viviana said of the ferry ride, raising her thumbs as well as her big toes.\""
"7109" "\"In one corner are restaurant owners, who are seeing red after what they claim are tactics used by health inspectors to put the city's budget in the black.\""
"7110" "\"But last fall it didn't.\""
"7111" "\"\\"That (experience) for many employers is an indication that they've learned how to deal with the work environment,\\" Van Horn said. \\"It doesn't have to be a glamorous job.\\"\""
"7112" "\"Bill Maher, the interviewer at Tuesday night's Writers Bloc public chat, turned to Maddow as they took the sold-out theater's stage. How much of that do you think was for you, and how much was for me? Maher joked.\""
"7113" "\"But the later the petitions come in, the slimmer the chance of qualifying for the November ballot.\""
"7114" "\"\\"We believe we are on a path to ensuring that their security forces … will have the resources necessary to protect the Afghan state and the Afghan people,\\" Clinton said at the news conference Wednesday.\""
"7115" "\"Cost is $5 for general admission; $25 for admission, Uncorked raffle and commemorative wine glass; or $40 for VIP, which includes a reception, St. Charles Stories UNTOLD presentation, commemorative wine glass and gift bag.\""
"7116" "\"Maimed since childhood, narrator Aaron Woolcott is a man with a life spent in the company of strong women - his mother, his overly protective sister and business partner, Nandina, and, finally, his wife, Dorothy.\""
"7117" "\"The Central American migrants headed to the United States travel mainly on freight trains, stopping to rest and beg for food at rail crossings like the one in Tultitlan, an industrial suburb of Mexico City.\""
"7118" "\"Despite the Cardinals falling from serious contention by mid-September, FSM had its best-rated year in the 15 seasons the Redbirds have had a widely available cable/satellite TV package, surpassing the pervious mark of 9.2 that was set in 2005.\""
"7119" "\"His most recent salary was $118,840, the city clerk's office said.\""
"7120" "\"Seminar: Kitchen remodeling talk\""
"7121" "\"Hunt and Landers were found dead Dec. 19 in the trunk of a car in the 14400 block of Promenade in Detroit, and Curtis and McCrary were found dead Dec. 25 inside a burned car in the 14900 block of Lannette in Detroit.\""
"7122" "\"\\"We do our job, concentrating on the Avalanche while keeping the games in focus. I don't think such complaints hold much water.\\"\""
"7123" "\"øWhen I'm not in the gym, I do the cross training and push myself, sacrifice a lot by not going out and spending time with my friends. You make the decisions, and as you get older and get more and more accomplished you see what's more important and you save your energy for what you need to do.\""
"7124" "\"Where: SeaWorld Orlando, off BeachLine Expressway, southwest of Orlando.\""
"7125" "\"Still, some were surprised Browns General Manager Tom Heckert spent a third-round pick on a defensive tackle even though other pressing needs — namely at wide receiver — had yet to be addressed in the draft. Heckert selected Miami receiver Travis Benjamin in the fourth round (No. 100). But first, he traded down 20 spots in the third round, gaining a fourth-round pick (No. 120) in a deal with the Denver Broncos, and then took Hughes.\""
"7126" "\"The tears continued when she went into the studio and started working with the dancers, who include her daughter, Ariana Samuelsson, as Juliet.\""
"7127" "\"Labatt believes it had a deal with the NHL extending its rights to 2014.\""
"7128" "\"Congratulations to Linnea Barrett from El Dorado High, Lydia Wang from Valencia High and Isabel Aste from Esperanza High on their trip to Salzburg, Austria for the Synchronized Figure Skating Mozart Cup.\""
"7129" "\"That blast to left field came one pitch after Miami first baseman Esteban Tresgallo had committed the other drop in foul territory. As he drifted into the camera area next to the Seminoles' first base dugout, Tresgallo couldn't corrall Gonzalez's first-pitch pop up down the line.\""
"7130" "\"Lawrence, who has pleaded with the Blazers to make a decision sooner than later, said the topic of waiving Roy was never broached in Monday's meeting, saying that it was a rather innocuous meeting filled more with pleasantries and how-are-you's than contracts and business decisions.\""
"7131" "\"But there's another important thread that runs through New Line's history: stripped-down performances of big-name musicals. In seasons past, New Line has produced shows like \\"Camelot,\\" \\"Man of La Mancha\\" and \\"Cabaret\\" - shows that we associate with lush productions at the Muny, the Fox or Stages St. Louis. \\"Evita,\\" the latest New Line production, belongs to this adventurous tradition.\""
"7132" "\"Roy came back with a strong performance in Game 3 back in Portland, scoring 16 points in a win. Then came Game 4.\""
"7133" "\"\\"They’re very dangerous when it comes to environmental protection,\\" said Jeff Tittel, director of the New Jersey Sierra Club.\""
"7134" "\"Obama’s advisor Stephanie Cutter offered a rebuttal on Twitter. “Since Romney wants to talk abt women, women gained 1.2 (million) jobs in last 25 months,” Cutter tweeted.\""
"7135" "\"Phillips-Olivier is charged in a five-count indictment of accepting bribes of a home air-conditioning system, a golfing trip to Florida and other gifts from contractors hoping to get work at the housing authority.\""
"7136" "\"Toledo Mayor Mike Bell appears in a TV commercial endorsing Issue 2, the November voter referendum on Senate Bill 5. The ad was made and paid for by Building a Better Ohio, the largely business and Republican-backed political action committee supporting SB 5, the law passed earlier this year that restricts the collective bargaining power of Ohio's public unions.\""
"7137" "\"This historic winery was founded in 1883 by James Concannon. In 1964, his grandson, Jim, released the first varietally labeled Petite Sirah in the United States. At the winery's rustic tasting room, $5 will get you eight tastes, including their signature Petite Sirah. Pack a picnic and take advantage of the winery's spacious grounds. Concannon is also home to the Underdog Wine Bar.\""
"7138" "\"You need to carefully trace each runner back to its source. Then you have two choices: Dig the roots out, or cut the vine off and paint the stump with undiluted Eraser, Weed-Master, Credit 41 or other 41 percent glyphosate herbicide or a 50 percent solution of Roundup.\""
"7139" "\"He didn’t mean to impugn my tastes or critical faculties (I think...I hope), so much as to say that I take a sort of “good cop” approach to reviewing.\""
"7140" "\"When: 9 a.m.-8 p.m.\""
"7141" "\"3. Kenneth Faried, Denver: The scouts took notice of Faried at Morehead State, where he broke Tim Duncan's modern-era (post-1973) record with 1,673 career rebounds, but few expected him to move so effortlessly into the pros. He's a whirlwind of relentless desire and improving post-up skills, clearly evident in his 27-point, 17-rebound game against the Warriors this month. His on-court attitude: \\"Kill. We're not friends. Don't talk to me.\\"\""
"7142" "\"Meanwhile the city honored all the Lake Oswego Friends groups last week. Hypocritical, to say the least.\""
"7143" "\"The Twin Cities proved to be fertile turf for auto sales because \\"the hardy life of the farmers, most of them descendants of the Vikings, led them to appreciate peculiarly the clean-cut strength of the Ford,\\" a company newsletter said in 1913.\""
"7144" "\"The Question: If I have a Third Federal equity line with unused credit available, what will happen?\""
"7145" "\"\\"It's like they picked a number out of thin air,\\" Hanson said.\""
"7146" "\"8. Stand chicken up in center of hot grate over drip pan and away from heat (if using charcoal grill).\""
"7147" "\"Hailed as \\"a singing mural of Latin-American life\\" by the New York Times, the show nabbed the 2008 Tony Award for best musical and the 2008 Grammy Award for its original-cast recording.\""
"7148" "\"At the Country Music Awards last week, Loggins made a Nashville splash by opening the show with an explosive duet of \\"Footloose\\" with Blake Shelton, who sang the song in the movie's remake this year.\""
"7149" "\"Mary Peveto, a mother of three and co-founder of Neighbors for Clean Air, helped organize a town hall on air pollution for 7 tonight at Chapman Elementary after reading a report that put Chapman and other Portland schools in the top 2 percent of schools nationwide for exposure to industrial air toxics.\""
"7150" "\"Essure isn't an option for everyone. The presence of fibroids or the discovery of an ovarian cyst -- anything that may obscure the tiny fallopian tube opening -- might make insertion problematic.\""
"7151" "\"That means they can take off their jackets and eat or drink on the floor of the House -- they just can't smoke or spit.\""
"7152" "\"Just this 1 percent reduction in supply, however, is already affecting New Jersey oil dealers like Charles Brand, whose Hart & Iliff fuel company provides heating oil to 1,700 customers in Sussex and Warren counties.\""
"7153" "\"With autism, it could be the genes, the environment, or genes and environment conspiring together.\""
"7154" "\"Even Issue 3's authors concede it would not block the national health care bill from going into effect in Ohio if the federal law passes constitutional muster with the Supreme Court. That's because the supremacy clause of the U.S. Constitution allows federal statutes to trump state laws.\""
"7155" "\"The race is working with the Federal Aviation Administration and air traffic restrictions will be in place the week of the race. Pilots will have practice time on the course Thursday and Friday before the race. There will be a temporary flight restriction around the course during the practices and race weekend. The FAA will send post notices on its website.\""
"7156" "\"5. Be nice\""
"7157" "\"While similar to other agreements between the government and embattled health care providers, the St. Joseph deal is unusual in its detailed control of one medical procedure: cardiac catheterization, an invasive therapy that's used to measure arterial blockage and to thread stents into coronary arteries. The alleged overuse of stents at the hospital has been the subject of dozens of lawsuits and a U.S. Senate investigation this year.\""
"7158" "\"But just once, or perhaps more often than that, he just might be looking toward the heavens to say something to Jim Valvano.\""
"7159" "\"Guests can take a self-guided tour of the new 4-acre garden, featuring thousands of cactuses woven throughout the town center walkways, near the famous Carefree Sundial. Docent led tours will start in early 2012.\""
"7160" "\"\\"They've been doing a lot of the same things for a long time,\\" Helfrich said. \\"They're just tweaking it. It's kind of that next level of, hey, we do this really well, let's make this adjustment. The consistency of being together and having a lot of talent is adding up.\\"\""
"7161" "\"The plot, which repeats the beats and, in some cases, the scenes of the original, centers around a 13th-year high school reunion weekend and the male-bonding rituals leading up to it.\""
"7162" "\"(05-08) 14:16 PDT NEW YORK, (AP) --\""
"7163" "\"Nestor said the statistics are interesting but that additional analysis is needed to see if there are other fluctuations in sales in other months.\""
"7164" "\"Albert Nobbs\""
"7165" "\"Radio Song\""
"7166" "\"You might recall that we scoured preseason baseball predictions from 2011 and couldn't find a single expert who looked into the crystal ball and saw the Diamondbacks winning the NL West title.\""
"7167" "\"\\"Someone described this to me as going home, and that's probably true,\\" Van Heukelem said.\""
"7168" "\"Cho and Penn retain an easygoing chemistry, so, of course, we hope they patch things up. It's fun to see Harris send up his image again. It's always nice to see Thomas Lennon, who plays Harold's obsequious friend (and father of the toddler). And there are a couple of funny nods to the wholly unnecessary 3-D in which the film is shot.\""
"7169" "\"\\"You don't go out like this,\\" Rivera said. \\"I love to play the game. I don't think, to me, going out like this is the right way. I don't think like that. With the strength of the Lord, I have to continue.\\"\""
"7170" "\"512 N METTER ST $67,500\""
"7171" "\"\\"The guillotine has been removed from the scene,\\" said Nicholas Lardy, a China expert at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a Washington think tank. \\"Now, they will feel more comfortable in moving.\\"\""
"7172" "\"Trail Blazers? You want to win big in free agency this summer? You'll need to get close to \\"Uncle Wes.\\" Hire the guy as GM and leave nothing to chance.\""
"7173" "\"Despite Republicans’ recent gains nationally, the county lost a state Assembly seat in November and failed to oust Rep. Rush Holt, D-Hopewell Township, who had been considered vulnerable. However, Rep. Chris Smith, R-Robbinsville, easily won re-election.\""
"7174" "\"In the final days before the vote, members of President Barack Obama's cabinet expressed support for gay marriage and former President Bill Clinton recorded phone messages urging voters to oppose the amendment.\""
"7175" "\"The company agreed to pay a total of $950 million in its agreement with the federal government, 43 states and the District of Columbia.\""
"7176" "\"This comes as quite a shock to Marilyn Clint, the Rose Festival's chief operating officer. In her office at Tom McCall Waterfront Park, she looks at the walking-tour program and shakes her head.\""
"7177" "\"US Airways operates 18 of the older-model 737-300s, but the company said Monday it has been told by Boeing that its jets aren't affected.\""
"7178" "\"It was Hafner's first triple since May 29, 2007, at Boston -- a span of 1,711 at-bats. The former triple jumper at Sykeston (N.D.) High School is now the proud owner of 11 triples in the big leagues.\""
"7179" "\"U.S.-based venture capitalists invested $408 million into 34 deals in China in the second quarter of 2007, the highest quarterly amount since 2003, according to The Money Tree Report. In the same period, U.S. VCs invested $119 million in 18 deals in India.\""
"7180" "\"He cited in particular Mourdocks legal challenge to the auto bailout for Chrysler and General Motors. He and Lugar voted for helping the companies because that saved Hoosier jobs, Donnelly said, while Mourdock spent nearly $3 million in taxpayer dollars to fight a losing court battle.\""
"7181" "\"øMayweather even praised his opponent as a \\"true warrior, a tough champion\\", and said, \\"to go into the Hall Of Fame you have to face the best opponents,\\" which, for Cotto, cannot be denied. He has faced Manny Pacquiao, Antonio Margarito twice, Shane Mosley and Zab Judah.\""
"7182" "\"øOne of the most important attitudes for survival that Bolles brings up is assuming \\"that nothing that happens to us is just senseless and meaningless, including being out of work for a long time.\\"\""
"7183" "\"Police departments are constantly creating cases for the public access counselor because of a controversial provision in the new law that requires agencies to seek permission every time they want to redact information considered to be private — such as birth dates and addresses in police reports. But police officials often interpret exemptions too broadly, according to the attorney general's office.\""
"7184" "\"\\"I think we got the defense's attention this week,\\" said West. \\"On behalf of them, there are a lot of new guys who are just now learning this system. I was hard on them last Saturday because we have to play good defense. I thought our run defense was much better today and I was pretty much pleased with our pass defense until we gave up the deep ball. \\"\""
"7185" "\"Bob Hertzberg, a Democrat and former Assembly speaker from Los Angeles who co-chairs the group, calls its effort a \\"statewide diagnostic,\\" with dozens of meetings to test ideas with everyday citizens. The goal has been to hit a bipartisan sweet spot, homing in on proposals that appeal to conservatives and liberals alike.\""
"7186" "\"$8 million below.\""
"7187" "\"sales increases of 31 percent, 39 percent and 48 percent, respectively, for the month after they were featured as a \\"Rock Band\\" download, over the previous month.\""
"7188" "\"1461 Haviland Dr, $72,500\""
"7189" "\"The facts aren't on the county's side on this one. The law isn't, either: Open-records laws require a reasonable charge, commensurate with cost, for copying public records. And the Ohio attorney general ruled long ago that the charge for duplicating a microfiche containing multiple documents is the cost of the microfiche, not the documents.\""
"7190" "\"\\"The New World\\" will of course include music, but it's not a musical, maybe St. Louis' theatergoers favorite form. (Thank you, Muny!) But the spring has plenty to offer that way, including two new shows at the Fox, the Broadway hit \\"Memphis\\" and the new show about competitive cheerleading, \\"Bring It On.\\" For family favorites, look to the Peabody, where \\"Fiddler on the Roof\\" and \\"Mary Poppins\\" will play. And for something completely unexpected, New Line will mount John Waters' rockabilly salute to teen rebellion, \\"Cry-Baby,\\" at Washington University's South Campus Theater.\""
"7191" "\"I don't remember who we played but it was late summer of 2007. I got free box seats from a customer at work and ended up going with a buddy who had started going to matches earlier in the season. If you've never sat in the boxes before - don't waste your time. We sat in the box for the first half but felt very isolated. The Timbers, if I remember correctly, had a significant lead at the half and the Timbers Army was hopping. We moved down close at halftime, probably section 109 or so.\""
"7192" "\"Nilsson's lawyer, Dan Karalash, countered that his client made sure that the maintenance work got done and at a fair price.\""
"7193" "\"High school: Maple Heights.\""
"7194" "\"The center that bears her name has a legacy of rehabbing Hollywood's elite. In the process it became a household name, a punchline, but -- above all -- a highly respected addiction treatment center.\""
"7195" "\"Results were stunning. In four years, the number of black students successful in calculus zoomed from 29 to 125.\""
"7196" "\"\\"It only plays into this narrative that we are dysfunctional,\\" said Bernie Tokarz, a public policy coordinator for the Greater North Fulton Chamber of Commerce, \\"that the board doesn't get along and we are ungovernable. I don't believe we're ungovernable at all.\\"\""
"7197" "\"Dodds reported that the price of regular was at $2.982 statewide last week and the same $2.953 in Portland.\""
"7198" "\"\\"The most popular varieties include Bissinger's chocolate,\\" he said. Flavors can be personalized.\""
"7199" "\"Q: Hey, Doug: With the loss of Duron Carter, is there any chance that running back/return man Jordan Hall could be used occasionally at wide receiver? -- Bob Anderson, Murrysville, Pa.\""
"7200" "\"Each and every one of us should demand that state and local officials ride herd on these operators to keep them in line and have in place the tools and manpower to monitor their day-to-day operation. There should be requirements that each operator be bonded at a high enough figure to permanently correct any damages to all landowners' property and water sources private or public.\""
"7201" "\"two decades as the nation hemorrhaged its shoe-manufacturing footprint overseas, Dansko has failed to achieve perhaps the most symbolic goal of a company attuned to its place in the economic ecosystem. It has not found a way to make in America the shoes it sells to Americans.\""
"7202" "\"\\"I'm just trying to improve my all-around game,\\" Fischer said. \\"My feel for the game has really evolved and I am getting stronger, but I still need to keep working. I'm still in the weight room trying to get stronger.\\"\""
"7203" "\"At Georgia Southern University, game videos used by the football team or video-based student learning applications get priority over videos shared by students. \\"Almost every company has a heat map of what it considers is important,\\" Rosen says.\""
"7204" "\"Ravi, 18, of Plainsboro, and Molly Wei, 18, of West Windsor, were charged with two counts each of invasion of privacy for secretly using a camera to view and transmit a live sex scene, said Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan.\""
"7205" "\"Strength of schedule: 17\""
"7206" "\"Deveron Carr and Osahon Irabo are quality cornerbacks who can help keep that secondary strong.\""
"7207" "\"But he -- this is not an either/or proposition. This is a both/and. He will both work cooperatively with Congress, as he has in the past, to take measures to help grow the economy and create jobs, and he will act when Congress won't, using his executive authority, working with the private sector, to do everything he can within his authority to help the American people.\""
"7208" "\"The charity gala, held last weekend at the Bellagio casino, is by any measure an over-the-top Vegas event, complete with a red carpet and scantily dressed showgirls. With Ruvo as their host, Cosgrove, along with his wife, Anita, and a handful of other Clinic executives, found themselves as welcomed members of the Las Vegas scene at this year's gala -- it's a scene that Cosgrove succinctly summed up during the charity auction by saying, \\"It's not Cleveland, is it?\\"\""
"7209" "\"The crazy victory came with a steep price tag when the Rockies lost two starting pitchers.\""
"7210" "\"Wednesday's service follows a memorial at Stanford University last Sunday for friends and family. That service at Memorial Church reportedly brought out tech titans including Oracle chief Larry Ellison and Microsoft's Bill Gates, as well as politicians including Bill Clinton. U2 frontman Bono and Joan Baez reportedly performed.\""
"7211" "\"But Cain intoned: \\"I am at peace with my God. I am at peace with my wife. And she is at peace with me.\\"\""
"7212" "\"It serves to make the pianos \\"less precious, more tactile and engaging,\\" Jerram says. It also them makes more attractive after the exhibition ends May 3, when the pianos are either donated to schools and community groups or auctioned off.\""
"7213" "\"Critics said that the ethics committee turned a blind eye to a corrupt system when dismissing an investigation that the seven lawmakers broke House rules when funneling earmarks to a lobbying firm that was some blatant in tying campaign contributions from firm lobbyists and their clients to winning earmarks.\""
"7214" "\"\\"The outpouring of support and the anger about the original decision was a crystal-clear statement that people in this country do not want politics getting in the way of lifesaving cancer care and screening for women,\\" she said. \\"The public's reaction the last few days, which was unprecedented, said that they know that Planned Parenthood is a trusted provider of primary cancer screening services.\\"\""
"7215" "\"When Jim gives a program, he gets as excited as the kids do, says Lisa Richter, a paid naturalist at the center. You can just see the sparkle in his eyes.\""
"7216" "\"You would figure Carl Hemple Sr. would know better than to volunteer a second time.\""
"7217" "\"OCR: How do you get over the modesty issue of taking your clothes off in public?\""
"7218" "\"That has helped produce a lot of Todd Fullers and Patrick O'Bryants, and no Rajon Rondos or Kobe Bryants.\""
"7219" "\"Columbus, Ohio - Find 2009 Ohio district report card information for each of the more than 600 school districts in the state by searching this database. Use this link to instead find report cards for the individual school buildings.\""
"7220" "\"The white grape Grechetto has a long history in Umbria in central Italy. It's an essential part of the blend for the region's best-known white, Orvieto. But winemakers in Todi, a medieval hill town near Perugia, use the native grape on its own to make Grechetto di Todi. One of the best is made by the Roccafiore estate. Fiorfiore, as it's called, is pale gold with a scent of tropical fruit and flowers. The 2009 is rich and round, but with a nice snap of acidity. It stands out for its elegance.\""
"7221" "\"A sign on the wall reads \\"Homeless Isn't Any Veteran's Dream.\\"\""
"7222" "\"A recent trip to the farmers market showed that it is the perfect time for asparagus and leeks, both great additions to a frittata.\""
"7223" "\"To those tired of Minnesota's seemingly endless stadium sagas, the little-known negotiations between the Saints and the U are a lesson on how teams appear more apt to find ways to build their own stadiums than to save costs in combining efforts.\""
"7224" "\"18 Give metal outdoor furniture a lift with a new coat of metallic paint (turquoise, orange or chartreuse), and team it with new covers for chair cushions.\""
"7225" "\"\\"It was petty, it was inaccurate and it's pretty obvious he was out to sell this idea that Toby Moffett is no longer a liberal and is just a gun-for-hire.\\"\""
"7226" "\"School officials immediately called police.\""
"7227" "\"The first day of playoff practice always has a little more hop to it, and not just because Zamboni-sensei Al Sobotka holds one of his traditional barbecues. The Wings may be the fifth seed to Nashviile's fourth, and they may be going up against a team that's big and physical, but they feel well-prepared because all their injured guys, save Helm, have been back long enough to feel good about themselves.\""
"7228" "\"The 10 states with proposed new coal-fired generation that could be covered by the regulation are Texas, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Idaho, Kentucky, Michigan, Georgia, Utah, Wyoming and Kansas.\""
"7229" "\"Cherokee Street in south St. Louis is the site of a concentration of businesses catering to Mexican immigrants: restaurants, law offices, ice cream parlors, health care centers, convenience stores. Some bear signs: \\"Mexico vive aqui,\\" or \\"Mexico lives here.\\"\""
"7230" "\"Spisak admitted to the killings in an interview with the Parole Board on Jan. 4, but he said he was mentally ill at the time.\""
"7231" "\"Then her daughter came running into her bedroom and said someone was yelling \\"help\\" outside the door.\""
"7232" "\"In the filings with the SEC, the company stated that Thompson has a degree in accounting and computer science from Stonehill College near Boston. The claim was repeated on the company's website, said Third Point, a New York investment fund run by activist investor Dan Loeb, which owns 8.1 percent of Yahoo's shares.\""
"7233" "\"In just two seasons, Chesterfield's Dramatic License Productions has developed something really remarkable: a theatrical personality of its own.\""
"7234" "\"Q: If prices do fall further, does it follow that many homeowners will feel less wealthy, and they'll reduce spending and that will slow the economy?\""
"7235" "\"In Colorado, several high schools across the state are hosting drug-free events on Friday. The University of Colorado's student government supports the university's anti-4/20 actions this year. And other Colorado students created a Facebook campaign urging their colleagues to wear formal clothing to school on Friday to repudiate the university's party-school reputation.\""
"7236" "\"But in representative government, the resort to parliamentary trickery or secrecy -- think of it as the old hidden-law trick -- does real violence to the credibility of the legislative process itself. It hurts the reputation of the offending party, too, but that's not nearly as important as the damage done to the principle that the American government is the American people.\""
"7237" "\"12-22 Sunrise, Fla. BankAtlantic Center\""
"7238" "\"This day, Megan loads the kids in the stroller, bent on a good day and a trip to the toy store. Moving 50 pounds of kids and about 30 pounds of stroller, Megan pushes up steep hills with no sidewalks.\""
"7239" "\"Over the next month, we're asking readers to vote on nominations in 10 categories. They are: ways Arizona influenced the world, things from Arizona, events and things that make us Arizona, moments of pride, greatest innovations, most influential people, Arizonans you don't know but should know, sports developments, scandals and events before we became a state.\""
"7240" "\"1/8 teaspoon black pepper\""
"7241" "\"2 tablespoons fresh snipped chives\""
"7242" "\"\\"Florida EcoSafaris at Forever Florida is continually looking for new adventures that will keep us on the cutting edge of eco-tourism and what it can be,\\" Duda says. \\"Expect more adventures from us in the future.\\"\""
"7243" "\"Texting drivers caught by police will face a fine come midsummer.\""
"7244" "\"If there's an award for \\"best ship for solo cruisers\\" - a phrase almost never uttered - it goes to Epic. The cruise line built 128 tiny Studio Staterooms (100 square feet), connected by a common corridor leading to a shared Studio Lounge.\""
"7245" "\"When confronted, one of the suspects struck both employees with a metal pipe while the other suspect pulled out a gun, police said. The suspects then fled with a backpack from the car.\""
"7246" "\"Tracy K. Smith’s book of verse “Life on Mars” won in the poetry category. In music, Kevin Puts’ first opera “Silent Night: Opera in Two Acts” was honored. The general nonfiction prize was given to “The Swerve: How the World Became Modern,” Stephen Greenblatt's telling of the 15th century rediscovery of the Latin poet Lucretius.\""
"7247" "\"Within days of the December announcement that pop star Katy Perry was divorcing, her parents — preachers Keith and Mary Hudson — were trying to fix her up with the squeakiest guy on Earth.\""
"7248" "\"In his second season, coach Doug Collins had already led the Sixers to their first winning season in seven years. Now, it's on to the second round for the first time since Allen Iverson was an All-Star.\""
"7249" "\"His extraordinary life, finally complete, is now fully accessible in these three seamless volumes. Morris' hand, it must be noted, has been sure and steady throughout, and not in any way to be compared with \\"Dutch,\\" the authorized biography of Ronald Reagan he wrote in 1999 that featured, among other literary devices, the use of an imaginary character named \\"Morris.\\" The TR trilogy is masterful, and can rightfully take its place among the truly outstanding biographies of the American presidency.\""
"7250" "\"The starting shooting guard on the Bulls' second three-peat teams suffered his injury with the Clippers in January 1990. He disputes the theory it changed his game from a high-flying scorer to a defensive specialist, saying he averaged over 18 points his next four seasons and toned down his offense merely because he later played alongside Jordan and Scottie Pippen.\""
"7251" "\"\\"I feel much better,\\" he said. \\"Justice has been served.\\"\""
"7252" "\"NEWARK -- N.J. Assemblyman Daniel Van Pelt and the mayors of Hoboken and Secaucus are among roughly 30 people arrested this morning in a federal corruption and money laundering probe that originated in the Syrian Jewish communities in Deal and Brooklyn.\""
"7253" "\"Lakers coach Phil Jackson, whose teams have inflicted so many on-court blows on the Kings, said before the game, \\"I hate to see fans who've supported their team lose their home team. They've been great fans. Very vocal. Very smart.\\"\""
"7254" "\"Jersey City and its suffering small business community is being pushed to the breaking point. The city's waning investment into its commercial districts is exacerbated by the Jersey City Parking Authority's very effective \\"shopper deterrent\\" parking pay stations, reduced police manpower, and underfunded sanitation programs.\""
"7255" "\"The officers claim the department is overstepping its authority, noting that the phone contracts are in the names of the officers' wives or other family members or that the phones include personal information belonging to others.\""
"7256" "\"Clemens, dressed in a dark gray jacket and tan slacks, stood next to his lead attorney, Rusty Hardin of Houston, as a court clerk asked if he was prepared to enter a plea.\""
"7257" "\"On remote Matinicus Island, 20 miles offshore, a lobsterman fired a handgun at two fellow lobstermen, hitting one in the neck in a near-fatal dispute over lobster traps. A jury later found Vance Bunker not guilty of elevated aggravated assault.\""
"7258" "\"On the other hand, \\"Uncertainty about future economic conditions remains high while consumer confidence levels are at historic lows, with many households reporting they are living from one paycheck to the next,\\" he said.\""
"7259" "\"More than 50 of those battle-ready types showed up at Ridge Park to begin the gantlet with \\"War Horse.\\" To soften the blow, we were treated to free coffee and doughnuts from a nearby Dunkin' Donuts and given a special VIP lanyard, to enter and exit the theaters, by Ashley Mitchell, our fetching hostess in Dressbarn finery, donated by the Ridge Park store in honor of the auspicious occasion.\""
"7260" "\"Santorum is only the most recent candidate to take a turn in the spotlight championing issues that have nothing to do with the economy or the nation's ability to remain strong globally.\""
"7261" "\"Has your position changed now, after the election?\""
"7262" "\"Another part of the problem is that the federal investigators had advantages our reporters did not.\""
"7263" "\"Go big, go small: Half-bottles and magnums are great options, but watch the prices.\""
"7264" "\"plenty of fluids before you arrive and while you are on the course. Use suntan lotion. Do not wear high heels. Wear comfortable, light and appropriate clothing. Concession stands will accept cash and credit cards.\""
"7265" "\"(9) Wheat Ridge (13-2-2) at (1) Broomfield (13-3-1)\""
"7266" "\"Credentials in hand, I soon thereafter checked in for The Heart Truth Red Dress fashion show. I go to the show for kicks, not the fashions. The purpose is to bring awareness to the perils of heart disease, but the perks include sitting across the aisle from Susan Sarandon (she looked a little like she woke up recently and dressed ultra casual in a well-worn preppy pink Polo) and Johnny Weir (who wore very sparkly pants and gloves).\""
"7267" "\"It was the first drop since a 0.3 percent fall in the April-June quarter of last year and was the largest since a 1 percent drop at the start of 2011.\""
"7268" "\"Prices: $$$$\""
"7269" "\"Said Huskins: \\"The group has been doing a phenomenal job. They've put together a season of great hockey so far and a lot of work has gone into their success. Those guys deserves a lot of credit. Yeah, I've had some experience the past few years, playing in the playoffs and playing in games down the stretch. Hopefully I'll be able to bring something to the table in that respect.\\"\""
"7270" "\"A series of retrospective studies of intensive care patients at Interfaith Medical Center in Brooklyn, N.Y., has shown that between 60 percent and 80 percent of the thousands of annual patients who receive the medications as a preventive measure were prescribed them inappropriately. A 2009 study in the American Journal of Medicine put the figure at 60 percent.\""
"7271" "\"The child continued, \\"'you promise me you'll be here tomorrow?'\\" Cassie Means recalled. \\"I said, 'I promise you I'll be here when you wake up to play with you. I'll be here right when you wake up.\\"\""
"7272" "\"That's why we stopped defending the constitutionality of section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act in legal challenges and support legislation to repeal it. Beyond that, the Vice President was expressing that he too is evolving on the issue, after meeting so many committed couples and families in this country.\\"\""
"7273" "\"\\"We've talked about them as mongrels because we don't know what their pedigree is,\\" Hersman said. She added that the safety board fears there could be other pups in the PG&E system.\""
"7274" "\"Q: Is the state investigation limited to the CRCT issue only?\""
"7275" "\"Nicolaus Balla, who earned three stars cooking Japanese dishes at Nombe, turned his talents to Hungarian food when he took over the kitchen at this restaurant owned by Chad Robertson and Elisabeth Prueitt from Tartine Bakery. Who knew that he grew up in Budapest and loved the food? He's given the menu a light California touch; you might even find a little Japanese seaweed adding its umami to many dishes. Balla is also a master at pickles - there's often at least five on the menu. For his part, bread master Robertson makes a fried potato bread. The restaurant has recently been remodeled to include a space next door and a sandwich and retail shop.\""
"7276" "\"Northern Ireland's capital, scarred by 30 years of Catholic-Protestant violence and mired in Europe's economic doldrums, is gambling on a gleaming new Titanic tourist attraction to bring it fame beyond the Troubles - and a renewed sense of civic pride.\""
"7277" "\"Completion of the mural came about almost by accident when Koeppe fell ill in February and became a home hospice patient through Crossroads Hospice of Maryland Heights, said Rosenkoetter, who lives in University City.\""
"7278" "\"She covered a lot more ground on this occasion, from “Baby, I Love You” to “Chain of Fools” to “Day Dreaming” to “Freeway of Love.” The performance clocked in just under two hours.\""
"7279" "\"\\"Now that I've done this part, it’s the only part I can see that I ever should have been playing,\\" the Chicago native told me. \\"Given my family history—I'm Timothy Collins Griffin—it's like it couldn't have been a better match.\\"\""
"7280" "\"I recall many instances where readers have pointed out sources whose names weren't used, but weren't intended to be kept confidential. One caller pointed to a Sept. 25 brief that referred to a Riverside spokesman without naming him. A column in the previous day's paper quoted a Missouri GOP party spokesman, again without a name.\""
"7281" "\"Padres manager Bud Black, who played baseball at San Diego State and has lived in North County for many years, learned of Seau's death when he arrived at Petco Park.\""
"7282" "\"My close friend has become the Patron Saint of Stressed Mothers over the last two years. All of the friends in our group have pitched in to help her adjust to this new lifestyle by baby-sitting, bringing over meals, listening patiently to all of HER problems, and politely tolerating her constant berating of her husband and own mother for the slightest child-rearing offense.\""
"7283" "\"She told me she missed me \\"so much\\" and then shifted her weight, which was my signal to put her down.\""
"7284" "\"\\"She doesn't talk about it that much, but it's so interesting. Amazing,\\" Stratman said.\""
"7285" "\"Water is my nemesis, and no one, myself included, genuinely likes treadmills. Why, then, did I enjoy so thoroughly running on a treadmill under water?\""
"7286" "\"Determined to go to college, Levine enrolled at Michigan's Wayne State University, where he was asked whether he wanted a bachelor's. \\"I already have a place to live,\\" he told the counselor, not realizing she was talking about a degree.\""
"7287" "\"Among the other factors to compare: Wilson was about 5-foot-11 and slender, with glasses, a long nose and a strong jawline. A smooth speaker, he used short-hand notes for his talks because he thought \\"prepared texts spoiled the spontaneity,\\" Cooper writes.\""
"7288" "\"\\"We have to make sure they're sustainable,\\" Hunt said.\""
"7289" "\"The exhibit will be open during regular hours of the Miller House Museum, Wednesday through Friday, 1 to 4 p.m. It is recommended that visitors call 301-797-8782 before coming to make sure that staff or volunteers are available to conduct tours. Saturday group tours can be arranged by appointment. Admission costs $5 for adults and $3 for seniors and students. Those ages 14 and younger are admitted free. The Miller House is at 135 W. Washington St. in Hagerstown.\""
"7290" "\"\\"There was a family party,\\" one caller told 911. \\"Some guys that we don't know came. We let them in because they were friends of the family supposedly.\\"\""
"7291" "\"Japan tied it nine minutes later when Kawasumi somehow got a foot on a cross from star Aya Miyama and pushed it through the legs of goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl.\""
"7292" "\"Later, a survey of European manufacturing executives by financial data firm Markit fell to a three-month low. The result indicated that manufacturing activity there is contracting.\""
"7293" "\"Jordan said there were about 35 people in or near the building when gunfire broke out. Of the seven fatalities, five died at the scene and another two at the hospital. The wounded victims are in stable condition, and at least one person was released from the hospital. They were from various countries, including Nigeria, Nepal and the Phillipines.\""
"7294" "\"\\"They kind of knew each other,\\" he told the jury when being questioned by prosecutor Nancy Kelley. \\"You could tell.\""
"7295" "\"That could add up to a significant chunk of the $820 million K-12 schools stand to lose under cuts Gov. Chris Christie has proposed for the fiscal year that begins July 1. Those schools, as well as public colleges and universities, would be eligible for the funds.\""
"7296" "\"However, at the same time, an underlying first-half loss reported by Allied Irish Banks PLC, Ireland's other main lender, suggested that the Irish banking sector still has a long way to go before it can emerge from the crisis.\""
"7297" "\"The Mercury News is running the abortion series in the cartoon's usual place, on the comics page.\""
"7298" "\"If a catastrophe did strike and a nuclear accident rose to the level of Fukushima, who would pay the tab?\""
"7299" "\"Born in Pittsburgh on Aug. 3, 1930, George grew up in Uniontown and Beaver Falls, Pa. After earning a degree in political science from Pennsylvania State University in 1952, he joined the Army and served a year with the counterintelligence corps in East Asia.\""
"7300" "\"There's new music, including the world premiere of a new piano concerto by Steven Mackey, performed by Orli Shaham; the U.S. premiere of Philippe Manoury's \\"Synapse,\\" performed by violinist James Ehnes (Oct. 14 and 15); and Juan Carmona's \\"Sinfonia Flamenca\\" (complete with guitar ensemble and flamenco dancers, Nov.\""
"7301" "\"Upon exiting, kids can have their photo captured and emailed to them. Those who want to continue the fight back home can use their photo to create an avatar at habitheroes.com, where they can confront 25 more bad habits.\""
"7302" "\"The recession, however, could deplete federal funding sources and dim the long-term prospects of the $8.7 billion tunnel, Jim Berard, press secretary for Oberstar, said in an interview last week.\""
"7303" "\"During the sentencing hearing Wednesday, ATF Special Agent Matt Kirkpatrick testified about those incidents and the various ways that Powell used or tried to use to get messages out of jail.\""
"7304" "\"Eventually, Ware found a job at Chang's Momofuku Ssam Bar and, later, at Momofuku Noodle House. But she continued to follow Portland's food scene from afar. When she returned to Portland with now-husband Kullen two years ago, she was hired as sous chef at Nostrana, Cathy Whims' Italian restaurant in Southeast Portland.\""
"7305" "\"Art and wine intersect at Donald Hess' winery, which features contemporary art from his private collection. A tasting of four current releases is $10. A guided museum tour and pairing of three wines with bites from executive chef Chad Hendrickson is $35-$40 (10 a.m. and 2 p.m. Thursday-Saturday; by reservation). 4411 Redwood Road, Napa; (707) 255-1144 or hesscollection.com; 10 a.m.-5:30 p.m. daily; museum hours: 10 a.m.-5:15 p.m. daily (self-guided iPod audio tours available).\""
"7306" "\"The 8 p.m. event will showcase 13 members of Spirit of Life Ensemble, which Williams founded, and 11 special guests that include vocalist Dwight West. It will be held at the Senior Spirit Center's Cafe Lounge on 675 Garfield Ave. in Jersey City. Admission is $20 in advance and $25 at the door.\""
"7307" "\"Despite wide bipartisan support and backing from many major food companies, the legislation stalled as it came under fire from advocates of buying locally produced food and operators of small farms, who said it would could bankrupt some small businesses. Senators eventually agreed to exempt some of those operations from costly food safety plans required of bigger companies, rankling food safety advocates and larger growers but gaining support from farm-state senators.\""
"7308" "\"In a statement, O'Malley noted the \\"economic challenges\\" that have faced the state in recent years, but touted Swaim-Staley's record securing the port partnership and completing the ICC.\""
"7309" "\"It also became involved with the Gorge Technology Alliance and its Gorge Robotics tournaments, which bring science to middle schoolers by teaching them to build robots out of mechanized Legos. The company provided a $80,000 grant to expand the competition, which attracted hundreds last summer.\""
"7310" "\"Priceline commercials (1998-2012)\""
"7311" "\"Lyons - who was removed from ministry in 2002 -- was taken into custody while playing cards at a community center near his Seal Beach home Monday, prosecutors said.\""
"7312" "\"Pour the Jameson into a highball glass. Add ice and top with cranberry juice. Squeeze in wedges of lime and tangerine. Stir to mix.\""
"7313" "\"What's more, MEDA argues that funding for the Public Counsel -- its adversary in rate cases -- shouldn't be tied to the renewable energy law.\""
"7314" "\"Five went to college, and one is in the military, so I did all right.\""
"7315" "\"Soon, the 1,500-square-foot service station, expanded to 2,700 square feet, will open as the June Key Delta Community Center. It's the first African American-owned community building to pursue the Living Building Challenge - a Cascadia Green Building Council designation that requires projects to capture and reuse stormwater, achieve net zero energy consumption and include an urban agriculture component.\""
"7316" "\"Defense attorneys said there was no business partnership between Cooper and Salahuddin, and payments made by Cooper to Salahuddin were not kickbacks, but installments on a loan Salahuddin had made in 2004 to his friend of 30 years. Ashley and Zegas pointed to numerous checks Cooper wrote to Salahuddin and said the government was looking only at one for $5,000, and calling it a kickback.\""
"7317" "\"Hundreds of Capistrano Unified teachers, clustered in groups of 20s and 30s at schools across south Orange County, have been walking picket lines all day, holding up signs that read \\"Quality public education at stake,\\" \\"Board of tyrants,\\" \\"I'd rather be teaching\\" and \\"Willing to fight for our kids.”\""
"7318" "\"The victim said he was crossing the street when he saw a group of about five males, and when the two armed men began shooting he ran but was struck once, reports said.\""
"7319" "\"Earlier this year, Abercrombie & Fitch offered The Situation — and the rest of the \\"Jersey Shore\\" cast — cold hard cash to not wear their threads.\""
"7320" "\"\\"I just don't see anything here that any law enforcement agency is going to likely get excited about pursuing in terms of criminal prosecution,\\" True said. \\"I would be shocked.\\"\""
"7321" "\"In 95 career games against the Orioles, Konerko is batting .300 with 20 home runs and 65 RBIs. He hit .310 with two home runs and six RBIs against them in 2011. A lifetime .285 hitter in 15 major league seasons, Pierzynski's batting average in 66 career games against the Orioles is over 40 points higher at .329. He batted .419 with two home runs and seven RBIs in eight games against the Orioles last season.\""
"7322" "\"The police blotter is compiled from information provided by local police departments. All suspects are presumed innocent until convicted.\""
"7323" "\"Heat-related deaths have also been reported in Granite City and Collinsville this month.\""
"7324" "\"\\"Anytime you get an honor or a record, it's nice to have,\\" said Brown, who trails Phil Jackson, Rick Adelman and Stan Van Gundy. \\"I've been fortunate. I've been blessed. I've been extremely lucky to be part of a great organization and a very good basketball team that has a great player. I just feel like I'm part of a whole that will win a championship someday soon. Anytime you attain anything or achieve anything in team sports, it's a team reward and you feel good about it. But there's only one goal that I have and am looking forward to.\\"\""
"7325" "\"What a Pena Nieto presidency would look like, however, remains unclear. The fresh-faced, 45-year-old former governor is promising national rejuvenation after six years of a grueling drug war and sluggish economic growth, but his dozens of campaign pledges center on more mundane matters — small-scale infrastructure projects such as highway overpasses and better flood control.\""
"7326" "\"\\"It is apparent from the discussion this morning that the most difficult issue is the camping issue,\\" he said. \\"City regulations prohibit camping on park property. We are not going to compromise on that regulation.\\"\""
"7327" "\"Bryant sat on the bench wearing a gray suit, enjoying a hearty laugh with Gasol early in the third quarter and posing for pictures with a fan during a fourth-quarter timeout.\""
"7328" "\"\\"This domino effect is kicked into gear by Arte Moreno,\\" said DiPoto, who was hired in October. \\"And this is a pretty unique opportunity. Arte has made it very clear, he wants to win championships, he wants to win rings.\\"\""
"7329" "\"He relaunched his signature \\"Countdown\\" show last June, showcasing a host of liberal-leaning guests as well as the return of his \\"Special Comment\\" segment.\""
"7330" "\"We are presidents of three private, evangelical colleges throughout the country. Our colleges enrich each of our communities. We educate young men and women for virtuous and productive roles in society. We engage in service and charitable outreach. We provide jobs to many hundreds of citizens and provide their families generous health insurance.\""
"7331" "\"\\"The bottom line is that immigration is not the weather. It is something that … can be changed,\\" he said. \\"The economy is worse but enforcement is also higher, making it more difficult for immigrants to get jobs in states like Arizona. They are now making new calculations and changing their views.\\"\""
"7332" "\"Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse\""
"7333" "\"\\"You have to stay positive and encourage the guys,\\" he said. \\"Four games will not define the offense of the ballclub.\""
"7334" "\"Her team from Rutgers meticulously documented five species’ transformations. The food chain was in disarray. She said pollution has created its own variety of unnatural effects on the creatures in Linden and Newark Bay, compared with their counterparts in the cleaner waters of Tuckerton some 80 miles to the south.\""
"7335" "\"The prestigious Detroit Athletic Club -- which will entertain more than 600 members and guests in its back parking lot before the Tigers' home opener -- will christen a luxurious new loo today.\""
"7336" "\"In a year, the foundation's programs benefit more than 100,000. This year, it was voted one of the state's 100 best nonprofits by Oregon Business magazine.\""
"7337" "\"The hour-long meeting was a mostly jovial affair, even though it marked the first time Apple shareholders have gathered since the company's revered co-founder and former CEO, Steve Jobs, died in October.\""
"7338" "\"Here's a look at media coverage of the Ravens, who traded out of the first round of the NFL draft, sending the 29th overall pick to the Minnesota Vikings for the 35th overall pick (the third pick in the second round) and the 98th pick (early in the fourth round).\""
"7339" "\"I was like, Kuntz,'  Elgie said. If they're going to throw a first-pitch fastball, I'm gonna take a leg kick and I'm gonna try to end it.\""
"7340" "\"Derek Lowe (2-1, 3.50 ERA) will try to help extend the Royals' woes with another solid outing against them. The veteran right-hander gave up three runs and scattered 11 hits over 6 2-3 innings in an 8-3 victory in Kansas City on April 13, but suffered his first loss of the season Wednesday.\""
"7341" "\"Lawmakers say there will be heartfelt, passionate speeches on the floor of the Senate tomorrow and the Assembly on Thursday. Gay rights advocates who wear blue when they gather in Trenton promise to fill the galleries of both houses. Gay marriage opponents who wear red say they’ll rally and hold prayer vigils outside the Statehouse.\""
"7342" "\"Replacement cost profit declined 12% to $4.9 billion.\""
"7343" "\"Aaron Brna was driving westbound on US 224 in his 2007 Chevrolet Silverado at around 1:30 p.m. when he drove through the Ohio 532 intersection and struck a 2007 Jeep Wrangler that was headed east and had stopped at the light.\""
"7344" "\"\\"These summer jobs will help hundreds of young people learn what it takes to be a good employee and to earn some money that will benefit them and their families,\\" said Fred Shell, vice president of DTE Energy's corporate and government affairs group and president of the DTE Energy Foundation, in a statement.\""
"7345" "\"So, tee off in the poll and then go back out and tee it up.\""
"7346" "\"8 RAVENS POINTE $157,000\""
"7347" "\"3: Masa also comes in two states: masa preparada, which is ready to use, and simple, which is unprepared. I prefer unprepared masa, and the recipe below is based on it. It would be a major mess if you followed the recipe for preparing the masa using masa preparada! Ask for \\"masa quebrada simple\\" to get unprepared masa for tamales (pronunciation: MAsa KayBRAda SIMplay).\""
"7348" "\"So Oregon will play Weber State, a three-point firing team from the Big Sky with a solid basketball history that includes 15 NCAA Tournament appearances. The Wildcats lost by a point this season to Arizona State, a team that beat Oregon twice in the regular season.\""
"7349" "\"Mary Anne Sedey, the firefighters' attorney, said problems worsened for the women after district commanders forced them to air their grievances in an internal investigation in 2006.\""
"7350" "\"\\"Those two simple acts would generate $1.26 trillion in deficit reduction -- more than the savings from the automatic triggers if the supercommittee does not act. But there are other areas we can look to for savings as well. Ending tax breaks to the 'Big Five' oil companies that reported record profits in the last quarter would save another $20 billion. Ending the sweetheart tax deal enjoyed by hedge fund managers, who pay a lower tax rate than average earners, would save $24 billion.\""
"7351" "\"\\"Every one of them wanted to meet our players and watch practice,\\" Fisher said. \\"And the football people were coming to us saying, 'Will you help us recruit?' \\"\""
"7352" "\"\\"I'm feeling good, good enough to go tomorrow night,\\" Paul said Tuesday. \\"As long as I'm good enough to play, I'm good enough to be out there.\\"\""
"7353" "\"Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, who lost to Walker by six percentage points in 2010, is the establishment pick for the May 8 Democratic primary. He leads three other primary candidates by double digits, according to the latest polls. He has the support of most prominent elected officials in the state and, in a sign of his standing, Republicans have focused their attacks on him.\""
"7354" "\"\\"I'm not sure that I would encourage people to get into this business these days because it's just not what it used to be. Who knows what's coming down the road?\\"\""
"7355" "\"605 Encino Drive, $500,000, 04-02-12, 2,670 SF, 5 BR\""
"7356" "\"In Oregon, you have the opportunity but you can take things in and sit with them. That act of introspection, then, allows you to reflect the world back in a different way. It's a different process.\""
"7357" "\"Today, I have called you together because it is time to take the first major – and urgent -- step in delivering the change we promised, in the critically important area of the state budget.\""
"7358" "\"The presence of Charles Eric Waugh at a function which included recruits was first reported Friday by OSU's student newspaper, The Lantern.\""
"7359" "\"Before the results were revealed, the top seven finalists performed Pink's \\"Raise Your Glass,\\" 10th season finalist James Durbin delivered his original tune \\"Higher Than Heaven\\" and third season finalist Jennifer Hudson dueted with Ne-Yo on \\"Think Like a Man.\\"\""
"7360" "\"\\"Our kids didn't want to end the season that way,\\" Caliche coach Randy Kirkwood said of the February slump. \\"We played our three best games of the season in the tournament.\\"\""
"7361" "\"Authorities found nine of the victims, including four women, hanging from an overpass leading to a main highway, said a Tamaulipas state official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to provide information on the case.\""
"7362" "\"Tell us how it all began.\""
"7363" "\"Sadoff's frames begin at $1,350 and increase to $2,800. Complete bikes range from $2,700 to $5,000.\""
"7364" "\"Monica Owens, founder of Owens Public Affairs, daughter of former Gov. Bill Owens\""
"7365" "\"Opening lead: King of ♥\""
"7366" "\"Despite historic low interest rates, however, banks have been reluctant to refinance loans of such \\"underwater\\" homeowners. Under Obama's plan, an eligible homeowner would be able to refinance a loan through the FHA, which would guarantee the new loan, assuming the risk if the borrower should default. The fee on large banks that Obama is proposing would finance the FHA's insurance fund.\""
"7367" "\"It's tough to summon enthusiasm in March when you didn't care in February because you didn't get to know the teams in November and December.\""
"7368" "\"This brings us up-to-date, where, after a dustup with developers who covet the land his house is on, Carl ties balloons to the place and takes off for South America, the destination of his boyhood hero. To his deep disappointment, he discovers that exuberant Junior Wilderness Explorer Russell (Jordan Nagai) has tagged along for the trip.\""
"7369" "\"U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, speaking for the Group of Eight, said earlier that all the members of the bloc agreed to be prepared to take further action against North Korea in the Security Council.\""
"7370" "\"Favorite TV show: \\"NCIS\\"\""
"7371" "\"Kathy Vegh, who serves on BCA's board of directors, is currently scouting locations for her fifth store, on top of what she predicts will be her second-straight hear of double-digit sales growth.\""
"7372" "\"Hun’s Katie Weeks (7 goals) and Francesca Bello each scored to start the second half, as the Raiders looked to challenge, But once again Lawrenceville went on a run, scoring five straight goals, three by Castelo and one apiece by Delaina Smith and Annie Morris, giving the Big Red a commanding 18-9 lead.\""
"7373" "\"The Devils have now won three of four overtime contests this postseason, including Games 6 and 7 vs. Florida, when facing elimination. Meanwhile, dating to their first-round win over Pittsburgh, Philadelphia has now lost consecutive road games.\""
"7374" "\"Balls of Fun: More than 30 entertainers, led by emcee Dieta Pepsi, will keep the Victorian Fetish Ball - a dance and costume party - rolling on Saturday night at Rue 13 on Washington Avenue. Tickets start at $20.\""
"7375" "\"She walked over to a group with metal detectors.\""
"7376" "\"But the ramifications of the big-spending ways don't stop there.\""
"7377" "\"Here's a destination for Princess Diana's favorite dessert: bread-and-butter pudding, spiked with Bailey's Irish Cream ($7). Have shepherd's pie made with lamb instead of ground beef, served with brown bread ($8 lunch and $13 dinner).\""
"7378" "\"Team Type 1 sprinter Aldo Ino Ilesic said he hopes Stage 2 and Stage 3, a 121.9-mile test from Auburn to Modesto, set up well for him. Stage 1 is a 118.7-mile run from South Lake Tahoe to Northstar-at-Tahoe Resort, about a lap and a half around the big lake.\""
"7379" "\"Though not a lawyer, Coon has been told by attorneys that he thinks like one, which helps him break down a complex labor contract into layman's terms for his 100-plus-question FAQ.\""
"7380" "\"testimony that Clemens once said he used performance-enhancing\""
"7381" "\"Hearing these first three in order, brought me back to my senior year of high school when I first bought this album and listened to it over and over.\""
"7382" "\"Traw said they started working out a deal to work together, but he grew suspicious when Cook and his associates began having trouble getting Panamanian banks to accept wire transfers from the United States. \\"The bank that Gary Saunders used here in Panama was Scotia Bank,\\" Traw said in an e-mail. \\" That bank closed their account because of the large amounts of money being transferred without explaining the source.\\"\""
"7383" "\"In Ben Rosenthal's \\"Ten High,\\" set in a bar, two gangsters -- their dialogue a cross between Damon Runyon and David Mamet -- discuss an outlandish murder plot. Sitting nearby, a long-married couple bickers over an alleged affair. The resolution hinges on a lethal poison that threatens to intertwine their fates.\""
"7384" "\"\\"He's not an enigma,\\" says Gold of Jay's sleek grace and monkish announcements. \\"But he is very un-Portland in some ways. For John, everything is an expression of art and design. Even the way he dresses.\\"\""
"7385" "\"He works as an attorney for two family ventures, the law firm Thrasher, Dinsmore & Dolan and the real estate company 7th Avenue Property.\""
"7386" "\"\\"We put out an all-campus notice to students to take cover and a tornado warning is in effect,\\" school spokesman Walter Kraft said.\""
"7387" "\"PHOENIX -- Regrets? Andrew Bynum didn't have a few. Or any.\""
"7388" "\"Major Dave and Rachel are merrily riding paddleboards across a small bay and whooping with delight about their imminent arrival on the mat -- when Team Border Patrol appears on the screen, tackling a series of Hawaiian games, above a subtitle that clearly reads \\"first place.\\" Oh no! Phil sends the Major and Rachel back to complete the first half of the roadblock, which they apparently missed altogether, stumbling first upon the paddleboards.\""
"7389" "\"About 300 mothers and other relatives of missing victims traveled from other states to Mexico City on Thursday to march along the capital's main avenue on Mother's Day. The protesters chanted, \\"They took them alive, and alive we want them.\\"\""
"7390" "\"WASHINGTON — Mitt Romney is brushing aside fresh speculation about whether New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will jump into the Republican presidential sweepstakes, saying \\"I can't decide what other folks do.\\"\""
"7391" "\"Yao will be an unrestricted free agent at the end of the season. Should be very interesting to see who takes a chance on him.\""
"7392" "\"Leslie Gallagher of St. Charles owns K9Z Etc., a pet care and dog training business. She writes a monthly column sharing training tips and other information about dogs.\""
"7393" "\"Jordan Turner, 24, of Dumont, phoned the Bergenfield Police just after midnight Saturday, telling them that he had shot his girlfriend, Heather Reyes, with an AR-15 rifle at a home in Dumont, according to a statement by the Bergen County Prosecutor's office. He then provided a description of himself as well as the house where the shooting occurred, authorities said.\""
"7394" "\"Now, however, with Clinton scheduled to begin high-level talks with senior officials in Beijing on Thursday, the dash to the capital city by self-taught lawyer Chen Guangcheng has pushed the issue to the fore. Unless the situation is resolved quickly, it's likely to become a serious irritant in the United States' relationship with China, the second-largest economy in the world and a crucial stakeholder in matters that range from North Korea's nuclear weapons-development program to sanctions on Iran.\""
"7395" "\"Said her niece, Jenna Ali: \\"I'm not wary. This can happen anywhere, anytime.\\"\""
"7396" "\"The board said it would need to decide by Jan. 24 if it wants to put a bond issue on the ballot in the April 3 general municipal election, or by March 27 for the Aug. 7 primary election.\""
"7397" "\"James' path from king to convict was unusually swift, starting around the same time he abandoned a 2006 re-election bid and effectively ceded the office to his young rival, Cory Booker. That summer, FBI agents raided a storage garage James rented in Hillside, and newcomers at City Hall turned over records detailing years of travel and entertainment expenses he had billed to city-issued credit cards.\""
"7398" "\"It's time to hear what you guys have to say — about everything from big payouts at the Sanford airport to shoddy treatment of veterans. Plus, we have an abundance of strange and funny notes from confused readers.\""
"7399" "\"Regarding Catharine Hamm's two articles in the April 1 Travel section, \\"Fares: What's Driving Them?\\" and \\"Keeping Airfares in Check\\": If someone has time to take a cruise, drive or wait for bargains on Priceline or Hotwire, then why wouldn't they have time to take a train to their vacation destination? I have taken the train across the country. I have traveled from L.A. to Albuquerque by train. I have taken a train to San Diego with family to visit the San Diego Zoo. I have a friend who travels by train and then rents a car to get to a specific destination. Trains are wonderful for children.\""
"7400" "\"\\"People around here eats his steak, eats mine and they like mine better,\\" said Olivieri, who calls his adversary the Court Jester of Steaks. \\"That's what other people say. I don't say that.\\"\""
"7401" "\"A slew of measures have been floated recently but according to Booker and city council members, each idea is less plausible than the last:\""
"7402" "\"I then realized just how special the human animal bond really is. Truly amazing, a day I will forever cherish and never forget.\""
"7403" "\"2) Fear of the visionary confronted by this supernatural presence.\""
"7404" "\"Still, the legacy of under-reported and problematic leak reporting set the stage for San Bruno.\""
"7405" "\"WASHINGTON -- U.S. homebuilders are concerned that the struggling housing market won't recover this year and some feel it may be getting worse.\""
"7406" "\"Friday, Mar. 18, 4:10 p.m.\""
"7407" "\"Agreement on that point was conditional on key details, but it was a higher total than the $33 billion that had been under consideration.\""
"7408" "\"McCain is the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, which hasn't brought its final version of the fiscal 2012 defense authorization bill to the Senate floor. That's because the debt-limit agreement requires an additional spending reduction in fiscal 2012, which the panel has yet to make.\""
"7409" "\"Adnan Shatat, 57, Crown Point pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud Monday in federal court in Hammond. In exchange, prosecutors agreed to drop the remaining nine counts against him. Shatat could face up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.\""
"7410" "\"Some experts worry that over time, regulators could become lax once again and the industry would exploit the overseers who are least likely to enforce the rules.\""
"7411" "\"“She’s a transvestite?” the wife asks.\""
"7412" "\"Echter's Garden Center\""
"7413" "\"On defeating North Carolina and making it to the Final Four:\""
"7414" "\"“The law is clear. The township can’t force BPG to continue to satisfy the conditions of the development approvals if the approved development isn’t constructed,” said John Stapleton, an attorney for the company.\""
"7415" "\"\\"The bottom is to fight,'' Thibodeau said.\""
"7416" "\"Director: Robin Hardy.\""
"7417" "\"Ohio Supreme Court Chief Justice Maureen O'Connor, who announced the formation of the task force in September, has made it clear the panel is not to decide whether the state should have the death penalty.\""
"7418" "\"Jorge Perlaza, F\""
"7419" "\"\\"The communities in Northeast Ohio should be insulted that those in control of this process reduced the kaleidoscope of our viewpoints and beliefs down to the color of our skin,\\" Turner said.\""
"7420" "\"\\"I really only thought I'd last about three dances in this competition,\\" he said. \\"I wanted to get three good dances off. That's what I told my mama.\\"\""
"7421" "\"knows you're interested enough to keep calling and yet she's dating someone else.\""
"7422" "\"Miami Marlins manager Ozzie Guillen, who this morning at a news conference apologized for controversial comments he made to Time magazine about Cuban dictator Fidel Castro, has been suspended by the team for five games, effective immediately, the team announced.\""
"7423" "\"JOHN KAVANAGH: No.\""
"7424" "\"The extended Morrison family gathered with town officials and community leaders on Tuesday to reflect on the significance.\""
"7425" "\"Pamphlets on the tables advertised the \\"Furnishing Drive,\\" asking for donations to outfit the new headquarters with everything from exercise equipment to pencil sharpeners.\""
"7426" "\"øToo much\""
"7427" "\"8. Matilda (1996) Harry Wormwood: One of the better family films of recent years, based on the popular children's book. DeVito serves as the narrator and one of the two worst parents ever of a brilliant misunderstood child, played with remarkable charm by Mara Wilson.\""
"7428" "\"Ahlam Mshangama Issa\""
"7429" "\"\\"We think Arbor is going to push the upper limit of what can be built on the site without structured parking for a residential project,\\" Cooper said. \\"We think they have a good preliminary plan that relates well to both the site and the surrounding street frontage, as well as the Rock Creek Greenway.\\"\""
"7430" "\"\\"For pedicures and manicures, our law is pretty stringent,\\" Trakas says. \\"It should be a very clean and sanitary process, especially if you think about what could happen if it isn't.\\"\""
"7431" "\"\\"I can still see her in my mind's eye, coming around the house, and my mother telling us, 'You kids sit on that couch and don't you move,' \\" recalled Maryanne Wolfe, who was born in Arthurdale in 1938 and now lives in nearby Reedsville.\""
"7432" "\"Shelton moved deeper into the crowd on the \\"t\\" shaped part of the stage to deliver acoustic versions of two of his early songs: \\"Nobody But Me\\"and his first No. 1, \\"Austin.\\" As he strummed the opening bars, he said his band wouldn't play because \\"these songs are so old they can't remember them.\\" (And it's hard to believe \\"Austin\\" dates to 2001.)\""
"7433" "\"It was an article about depression that prompted me to seek help 10 years ago, though years passed before I found the right mix of medication and treatment to get my life in order.\""
"7434" "\"The late Al Lerner made some gigantic personnel mistakes early in his ownership. But Lerner, who died in 2002, was an incredibly bright guy who, I believe, would have figured out a way to clean up this mess of a franchise.\""
"7435" "\"The writer is executive director of the Baltimore Child Abuse Center.\""
"7436" "\"For instance, during a Nevada Democratic debate, then-Senator Obama told the late Tim Russert that, \\"My greatest strength, I think, is the ability to bring people together from different perspectives to get them to recognize what they have in common and to move people in a different direction.\\"\""
"7437" "\"Likuliku is in the Mamanuca island chain, a two-hour ferry ride from Nadi (pronounced NAN-dee) and the closest white-sand-beach islands to the mainland of Viti Levu, where the airport is.\""
"7438" "\"8:25: E*Rock\""
"7439" "\"All of the state's hospitals are facing patient declines because of the economy, said Jerry Schmith, the commission's deputy director of hospital rate-setting. But it was unusual for St. Joseph to ask for financial help, he said.\""
"7440" "\"The United Auto Workers' reluctant but overwhelming ratification of concessions will save GM $1.3 billion per year and bring its labor costs down to those of its Japanese competitors. The new UAW deal freezes wages, ends bonuses and eliminates some noncompetitive work rules.\""
"7441" "\"Those words she remembered were mine. It was my first commencement speech to graduating seniors.\""
"7442" "\"While no one tracks the number of college applicants nationwide who are wait-listed, admissions experts and high school guidance counselors agree that the ranks have swelled in the last five years. That leaves more students consigned to the halfway house of admissions, where they are unable to celebrate an admission or mourn a denial.\""
"7443" "\"Former Switzerland defender Heinz Hermann has been named sporting director at FC Lucerne. Hermann is Switzerland’s most capped player with 118.\""
"7444" "\"A: You can export the slideshow as a video (a QuickTime movie in Apple parlance) and then burn that video to your CD.\""
"7445" "\"Death and damage from the great earthquake and fire of 1906 were terrible indeed, but if that same magnitude 7.9 temblor strikes again along the San Andreas Fault, the toll would be far, far worse, seismic engineers and scientists have calculated.\""
"7446" "\"Yet the business record each touts could prove to be a double-edged sword as they compete in a crowded field for the chance to topple Democratic incumbents this November.\""
"7447" "\"While Baltimore City has long been known for a high dropout rate, 109 more students dropped out of Baltimore County schools than city schools last year. The county has a higher enrollment than the city.\""
"7448" "\"Costello added: \\"They should be able to root for their team, too.\\"\""
"7449" "\"Originally published June 23, 2009: For a little while, at least until the police arrived with an arrest warrant, it must have seemed like the perfect crime.\""
"7450" "\"The decision will have implications for cities and school districts across the state and also have the potential to undo an April 4 consent agreement struck between the state and the City of Detroit.\""
"7451" "\"Five council members voted in favor of the raise. Only Marty Small and Mo Delgado opposed the measure, the report said.\""
"7452" "\"His résumé includes a stint as video coordinator for the Kings under former coach Garry St. Jean from 1992 to 1994. He helped coach the WNBA Monarchs for three seasons, and he coached semipro teams during the summers.\""
"7453" "\"The United States is now the market for solar, Asbeck said. He predicts annual U.S. module sales will reach 2 gigawatts of capacity -- enough to power 400,000 homes -- by the end of next year, up from 441 megawatts last year. But he said local government incentives remain varied, confusing and subject to change.\""
"7454" "\"Disk space/capacity: 16, 32 or 64 GB\""
"7455" "\"$20\""
"7456" "\"Canter's Deli, 419 N. Fairfax Ave., Los Angeles 90036; (323) 651-2030; http://www.cantersdeli.com. Open 24-7 (except Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur). Main dishes, $12.50-$18.50. The neighboring Kibitz Room cocktail lounge and music venue is open 10:30 a.m.-1:40 a.m. Nice bonus: 90 minutes of free off-street parking with validation.\""
"7457" "\"You know, they're some of my best friends in the world. I really trust those guys. So I can easily see it turning into ... whatever. I don't see it as a limiting thing, I see it as becoming whatever it is that the three of us are into. And so long as the three of us have our mindsets in a similar place, we'll be doing it forever.\""
"7458" "\"Along with conducting symphonies by César Franck and Franz Schubert, Muti will introduce Southern California listeners to new works by the CSO's resident composers, Mason Bates and Anna Clyne, the world premieres of which he directed this month back home at Chicago's Orchestra Hall.\""
"7459" "\"And much work to be done if the school's gym is to become a 200-seat theater with lighting and sound equipment.\""
"7460" "\"6 thick slices sourdough bread, cut into 1-inch cubes (about 4 cups)\""
"7461" "\"Garber said the league remained focused on placing its 20th team in the New York area, with talks for a stadium taking precedent over the ownership group. He said there are several groups interested and there would be a \\"near auction\\" for ownership rights.\""
"7462" "\"When social security first began, there were seniors that could not fathom the concept of the government sending them money and did not cash the checks, or those first years of checks, my grandfather among them. He was a big man of Irish-Scottish descent, a former sheriff who outlived two wives and had 12 children.\""
"7463" "\"I brought them out twice this week, someone else has to pick them up after practice.\""
"7464" "\"Baker, who just turned 27 on Monday, currently rests at No. 214 in the world after climbing 79 spots in the ATP Rankings this week. It marks his highest ranking since February 2006. He's won a pair of USTA Pro Circuit Futures events this year after starting 2012 at No. 456 on the planet.\""
"7465" "\"Bucco is a freshman Assemblyman running for his second term. He is on the Assembly Budget Committee.\""
"7466" "\"In reference to “Robbinsville cuts ties with insurance brokerage firm” (May 1), I wonder why the Robbinsville elected municipal government is firing insurance broker Allen Associates, whose employee whistleblower is a “cooperating witness in the corruption scandal involving Hamilton Mayor John Bencivengo.”\""
"7467" "\"\\"I look forward to extending my hand to (opponent) Ann Marie (Donegan), so hopefully we can team up and get this county straightened out,\\" he said Tuesday night. \\"I appreciate the voters giving me this opportunity. It's going to be a hard job but we're going to do the best we can.\\"\""
"7468" "\"The most frequent user was the Los ...\""
"7469" "\"Christie enacted a on June 28 requiring all state employees to make larger contributions to their pension and health benefits plans. The state contends the increased contributions are not a reduction of judges’ salaries, which are set by a different law.\""
"7470" "\"While \\"The Sopranos\\" provided him with \\"an extraordinary character,\\" he says, \\"80 percent of the people who loved ‘The Sopranos' - all they see is this guy who got his head shoved in a bowling bag,\\" which is how his character left the show.\""
"7471" "\"“Hi, I’m Marc Gillinov,” the surgeon says, talking so fast that his words immediately ratchet up the energy in the room.\""
"7472" "\"\\"Our main goal was to put the O'Fallon game behind us and just move forward going into the playoffs,\\" said Carroll, whose team will face Collinsville on May 15 in the semifinals of the Class 3A O'Fallon Regional. \\"When our defense gets out of whack, the whole team breaks down, but we were a lot better tonight.\\"\""
"7473" "\"Ms. Suu Kyi's party, however, will have only a small presence in Myanmar's parliament, where most of the more than 600 seats are held by current or former soldiers linked to the old military regime.\""
"7474" "\"Summary: A man is accused of fatally shooting another man who reportedly robbed robbed him of his alcohol and hit the man in the head with a wrench outside a Circle K, Gilbert police said.\""
"7475" "\"Archimedes didn't say, \\"Give me a bad statistic, and I will move the Earth.\\" But that was only because the ancient Greek mathematician wasn't familiar with the ways of Washington.\""
"7476" "\"Champion's parents have sued the company that owns the bus where the hazing took place. In a civil lawsuit, Champion's family alleges that the bus driver stood guard outside the bus while the hazing took place. The bus company owner initially said the bus driver was helping other band members with their equipment when the hazing took place.\""
"7477" "\"The indictment alleges that at least some of the officers in Mr. Leopold's security detail told Anne Arundel County Police Chief James E. Teare Sr. that they were troubled by tasks Mr. Leopold asked them to perform, but he apparently took no action. Mr. Teare has refused to answer questions about the matter because of the ongoing legal case against his boss. But his silence allows the honesty and integrity of his entire department to be called into question. The people of Anne Arundel County deserve answers, and they cannot afford to wait until after the case against Mr. Leopold is completed.\""
"7478" "\"These blow-up departures often hit close to home. They typically mention how things used to be, a bit of nostalgic pride, maybe a mention of how it was never about the money but a sense of doing something greater.\""
"7479" "\"What had I wanted from my trip to China? To engage in one of the oldest continuous cultures on our Earth? To sense what modern China might offer? I'd been shocked by the number of old women who begged for money. I'd felt sad seeing the charmless cities where architecture's old bones had been sacrificed for graceless apartments and impressive monuments. But I'd also been amazed at the warmth of China's people.\""
"7480" "\"This poses a danger to anyone who has this peanut food allergy.\""
"7481" "\"“There’s some sense of closure,” Steikowski said. “It was something that we all needed. My heart actually skipped a beat when I heard the message. I think that the prevailing view will be that a sense of justice was served.”\""
"7482" "\"During his 2006 campaign, opponents attempted to link him to the Nation of Islam and Louis Farrakhan. His election garnered international attention, particularly in the Muslim world. Even his swearing-in was controversial -- Ellison created an outcry when he used the Koran owned by Thomas Jefferson instead of the more traditional Bible.\""
"7483" "\"The bill next goes to the Senate. With some people owing their next property tax installments on Feb. 15, Berger said she is getting lots of calls from seniors asking whether they'll be excused because of the legislative fix.\""
"7484" "\"Holt sophomore Nataliyah Friar wants nothing more than to redeem herself.\""
"7485" "\"Ditto the outside glass including the windshield, side windows and back glass. I've even used Brasso metal polish and/or a single edge razor blade to remove tar, dirt, bugs and other road crud from the glass, followed by the automotive glass cleaner and newspaper routine to remove the residue. (The metal polish will not scratch the glass.)\""
"7486" "\"Economic growth/job creation must be a major priority. I will work to develop a comprehensive economic vision that defines our county as a cohesive economic unit, counteracts fragmented growth by making collaboration among all municipalities a priority and supports equitable distribution of economic opportunity. (The vision will also include) identifying targeted industry clusters to support a proactive “go to market” strategy for business attraction. Targeted clusters include biomedicine/bioscience and arts/culture/tourism. As we promote and enhance tourism, every tourist dollar is an “imported” dollar, bringing taxes to the county and supporting thousands of service industry jobs, many of them in small businesses.\""
"7487" "\"Pinch cayenne or a dash of sriracha sauce\""
"7488" "\"Lambert is up for female video as a solo artist and for group video and breakthrough video for \\"Hell on Heels\\" with her friends Angaleena Presley and Ashley Monroe in Pistol Annies.\""
"7489" "\"\\"Adversity is not a big deal with our team,\\" captain Shane Doan said after the morning skate Thursday. \\"We've kind of handled it all year, it kind of rolls off our back. We've talked about it being a business-like approach and counting on everybody.\\"\""
"7490" "\"arranging the sham arrest of her son's 17-year-old girlfriend told an administrative hearing Monday that she did not order the action but did approve it.\""
"7491" "\"Heather Walsh, who last year launched a parenting blog from Baltimore called \\"Cool Progeny,\\" suspects Smokler's success has everything to do with this candor and relate-ability.\""
"7492" "\"Analysis of precinct-level voting records from all three former congressional districts showed he was close.\""
"7493" "\"* Formally introduced a long list of changes in development and zoning rules requested by the Home Builders Association of St. Louis and Eastern Missouri. Many may be voted on at the next aldermanic meeting Jan. 26.\""
"7494" "\"The news accounts of Nieves's respect for the law suggests that she will be back in court again after her six-month sentence as a repeat offender. Two more months in the jail wouldn't change that.\""
"7495" "\"SOUTHEAST\""
"7496" "\"øSpeaking of flips, he had used the late Flip video camera, which Cisco discontinued in 2011, to make daily \\"video diaries\\" of his life at home with his family. Now, he is \\"transitioning\\" to the iPhone 4S for those clips.\""
"7497" "\"Dillard, you may recall, almost was the Republican nominee for governor against Pat Quinn but lost the 2010 primary by a tiny margin to state Sen. Bill Brady, a Downstate conservative.\""
"7498" "\"Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles and actress Malinda Williams recently cut off their hair in what's being called the \\"big chop.\\" Closely cropped 'dos and full heads of kinky locks were also spotted on the runways and in the seats at New York Fashion Week earlier this month.\""
"7499" "\"HMS Host International wants to build Hobie Hut, a surf-themed beach bar and grill. Delaware North Companies is proposing Corky Carroll’s Surf Bar.\""
"7500" "\"This is the second large tobacco trial in St. Louis Circuit Judge Michael David's courtroom this year. In April, big tobacco companies prevailed in a sweep of verdicts against hospitals seeking to recoup the costs of treating smokers' diseases. That trial started in January and took two and a half months to present.\""
"7501" "\"18. Who is Kate's maid of honor?\""
"7502" "\"An Indianapolis man who became incapacitated after he was struck by a Marion County Sheriff's Department van in November has filed a lawsuit seeking monetary compensation for injuries, damages and related costs.\""
"7503" "\"Austin Jackson went 4-for-5 to improve his average to .314, and this doesn't feel like a fluke. Jackson is drawing walks more, striking out a bit less and driving the ball more than he did the past two years. It's early, but he looks good.\""
"7504" "\"Rourke's love for dogs runs deep, which is clear from his Golden Globes speech: \\"I'd like to thank all my dogs, the ones who are here and the ones who aren't here anymore. Sometimes when a man's alone, that's all you got is your dog. And they've meant the world to me.\\"\""
"7505" "\"But one thing I do find remarkable is how politicians in Florida continue to invoke God's name on sanctity-of-life issues — yet only when it's convenient.\""
"7506" "\"Armed with this all this documentation, Indira's mother and sister went to the U.S. consulate and applied for visas.\""
"7507" "\"Brass dies for cutting. Brass dies create a rough surface that grabs the sauce.\""
"7508" "\"Columbia is cutting 7 cents from its gas prices next month, dropping the rate to 49 cents per 100 cubic feet -- the lowest since the summer of 2002.\""
"7509" "\"That's a lot of superhero ego in one room, most of the characters used to having things their way rather than working as a unit.\""
"7510" "\"As it is, the move could intensify the debate in the Legislature over the cost of pension benefits. The state's annual contribution to CalPERS would rise to more than $3.6 billion at a time when the state is facing a $9.2 billion deficit.\""
"7511" "\"Disappointed by the denial of federal help for victims of the May 22 tornado, Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak is going directly to the president for help.\""
"7512" "\"\\"Cloudlands\\" is a little musical with big ambitions. Though they're not quite realized in its debut production at South Coast Repertory, you have to admire playwright-lyricist Octavio Solis and composer-lyricist Adam Gwon for trying to fit a tragedy of Greek proportions into modern-day clothes.\""
"7513" "\"and urged a compromise for the sake of the global economy. Lee, a staunch free trade advocate, hosts his G-20 counterparts for a summit next month in Seoul.\""
"7514" "\"Minus one, for now. But he'll be back.\""
"7515" "\"Tier One Risk-Based Capital Ratio: A bank's Tier One Risk-Based Capital Ratio is a bank's common stock and reserves divided by its assets. It is a key measure of a bank's ability to withstand future loan losses. A bank must maintain a ratio of 6 percent or more to be considered \\"well capitalized\\" by regulators.\""
"7516" "\"The diocese issued a statement Thursday saying it was deeply concerned for the well-being of the girl in the lawsuit and urging anyone with information about Ratigan's actions to file a confidential report with police.\""
"7517" "\"Suspicious person/circumstances. 6:03 p.m. Sunday. Alicia Parkway and Moulton Parkway.\""
"7518" "\"This is the second year the city has put out the rink. Durham said it will last for 20 years.\""
"7519" "\"\\"I like the ninth inning,\\" he said. \\"I feel pretty relaxed in the ninth.\\"\""
"7520" "\"She survived, but she didn't thrive. Countless chemotherapy sessions left her sick and weak as the cancer destroyed her body. She increasingly relied on her children as the disease often left her bedridden.\""
"7521" "\"\\"Good quarter, guys\\" wasn't the message Procter & Gamble Co. Chief Executive Robert McDonald got when he dialed in to his company's earnings conference call Friday.\""
"7522" "\"87. Cleveland (from Denver), John Hughes, db, Cincinnati.\""
"7523" "\"10. Do your homework. Don't assume something can't be repaired; research the product or contact a local expert and ask before ditching it. Solid wood floors, for instance, can be sanded and refinished up to 10 times over their lifetime. Cracks, dings and blisters in most kinds of countertops and in tile floors and walls often are fixable.\""
"7524" "\"In truth, if they had their way we'd be back in the late 19th century -- before the federal income tax, antitrust laws, the Pure Food and Drug Act, and the Federal Reserve. A time when robber barons -- railroad, financial and oil titans -- ran the country. A time of wrenching squalor for the many and mind-numbing wealth for the few.\""
"7525" "\"Though U.S. officials insisted that the Chinese had been businesslike and cooperative in the negotiations, China also made known its displeasure at what it saw as foreign meddling again in sovereign issues. Liu Weimin, a Foreign Ministry spokesman, declared that the U.S. actions \\"interfered in the domestic affairs of China,\\" and said Washington should apologize for its \\"abnormal means\\" of dealing with the Chen affair.\""
"7526" "\"Otis had lost just two games all year — both in 3-1 wins over Akron — and seemingly had faced no pressure until the final match of the season.\""
"7527" "\"In the meantime, Roy says he will remain open to doing whatever can make the team better.\""
"7528" "\"Several weeks ago, activists in the northwestern province of Idlib said, troops and dissidents battled in and around the ruins of Elba, a Bronze Age city where archaeologists in the 1960s discovered a massive trove of cuneiform tables that revolutionized their understanding of the ancient Mideast.\""
"7529" "\"GLINKA \\"Ruslan and Lyudmila\\" Overture\""
"7530" "\"The victim, who was unable to speak to police, was taken to Jersey City Medical Center where he was treated for a single gunshot wound to the center of his back, just above his kidneys, police said. He was listed in a stable condition, police said.\""
"7531" "\"The Pontiac hit a 2000 Buick traveling west on Pontiac Lake Road. The driver, a 45-year-old Waterford woman, is in stable condition with non-life threatening injuries at a local hospital, according to police.\""
"7532" "\"Dylan Orms had enough surreal moments Saturday to last a lifetime.\""
"7533" "\"Sent: Saturday, November 21, 2009 2:57 PM\""
"7534" "\"maybe not fully aware of the long road ahead. Now, after posting 20 wins for just the eighth time in school history, the Beavers are trying to extend what Anna Marchbanks has called a \\"fairy tale\\" season.\""
"7535" "\"We live close to Shaker Square and visit the farmers market there most Saturdays. We can walk there on a nice day and then have breakfast at Yours Truly. We like to walk around the Shaker Lakes and hike in the Shaker Nature Center. We also like to visit all of the attractions that most kids love -- the zoo, Cleveland Museum of Art (Max loves the armor, Zoe loves all of the art), Cleveland Botanical Garden, Natural History Museum and the Cleveland Orchestra's children's concerts. We can't wait to take Ella and Ethan to the art museum and to the Great Lakes Science Center.\""
"7536" "\"And if you drove more miles, it would be an even greater savings. \\"If your per-mile costs are cheaper and you can spread the rental fee over more miles, it becomes even better,\\" says Smith, who is co-director of manufacturing, engineering and technology at the Automotive Research Center.\""
"7537" "\"When she's not pursuing her artistic passions, she enjoys playing a variety of sports, especially football. Malia has even commented to her caseworker that she would love to be the first female player on the University of Oregon's football team.\""
"7538" "\"\\"Political or economic development goals for that money are actually in conflict with the fund itself,\\" said Stacey Dycus, chief of staff to state Treasurer Ben Westlund. \\"It's not our money. We are the bank, the holder, but the money belongs to the (retirement fund) participants.\\"\""
"7539" "\"Talk to people in the city's most beleaguered neighborhoods -- the ones with prairie-like gaps up and down the blocks -- and what you'll hear is a pining for the kind of cohesiveness and support that existed when there were more people and houses, more eyes and ears.\""
"7540" "\"San Diego 22, Crawford 0. Amberg (SD) 2-3, 2 runs; Acosta (SD) 2-2, 1 run; Mills (SD) HR.\""
"7541" "\"The aging and sometimes foul-smelling golf clubhouse at the Hobbit's Glen Golf Club in Harper's Choice will be replaced with a new building, the crown feature of a nearly $5.9 million project expected to begin next year.\""
"7542" "\"State stores also carry leading brands of everything from cognac to rum.\""
"7543" "\"With numerous abortion-related bills pending in the legislature, including the controversial \\"heartbeat bill,\\" which bans abortion as soon as six weeks into a pregnancy, PolitiFact Ohio decided to check out Lehner’s claim.\""
"7544" "\"UWUA Local 369 has more than 3,200 members — 380 of whom work at Pilgrim Nuclear.\""
"7545" "\"An uneven performer historically, Mentor rode the tech industry's rebound to record revenue of $915 million last year and returned to profitability after two years in the red. It forecast more growth this year.\""
"7546" "\"\\"We will give Gov. Kasich credit for the things that he has done, but he's just got to give us credit for the things that we have done,\\" Redfern said.\""
"7547" "\"Although Chamberlain's shooting has stark differences from Trayvon's, the two have been likened as incidents in which media attention and activism are credited for reopening investigations.\""
"7548" "\"Burress, who played four seasons for the Giants before being sent to prison for nearly two years for shooting himself, was made the Jets’ lone game-day captain — a familiar motivational tactic by coach Rex Ryan. Burress called it an “honor” and a “privilege,” though the loss ultimately brought disappointment to the day.\""
"7549" "\"Members of an Ohio-based fugitive task force bird-dogged their suspect. Tips poured in after the case was featured on the TV show \\"America's Most Wanted,\\" and they found their fugitive's tracks in New York, Florida, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Mexico and elsewhere.\""
"7550" "\"\\"Everyone was affected one way or another,\\" the 21-year-old said. \\"Your heart just hurts.\\"\""
"7551" "\"The Cardinals have All-Stars and MVP-caliber hitters returning at two of the positions that Craig plays -- left field and right field. With Matt Holliday and Berkman already in place, the opening for Craig is at first base -- but only if the Cardinals don't re-sign Albert Pujols. Craig's role is in flux. He could be a regular for the Cardinals if Pujols' jumps town. He could be on the bench if Pujols returns. He could be traded if the right offer comes along and the Cardinals want to pounce on a starting shortstop, for example.\""
"7552" "\"U.S. Border Patrol drones scan for drug and migrant smugglers in the desert. Twelve-foot steel walls now separate the crossings through Nogales, south of Tucson, and Agua Prieta across from Douglas.\""
"7553" "\"Chesterfield Blue Valley, being proposed by developers Simon Property Group and Woodmont Outlets/EWB Development LLC, calls for 390,000 square feet of outlet retail development on 50 acres of the total 136.7-acre tract on the north side of Olive Street Road west of Chesterfield Airport Road.\""
"7554" "\"Dark plots are hatched, and fine wenches are wooed\""
"7555" "\"I guess I’ll have to keep wondering.\""
"7556" "\"What happened: Alternative Agency received the continued funding.\""
"7557" "\"Jeffrey A. Lloyd was located on Friday at the Goshen Manor Apartments by members of the West Goshen Police Department and Westtown-East Goshen Regional Police Department, who were responding to a suspicious person call.\""
"7558" "\"Carroll said the Broncos were the far sharper team.\""
"7559" "\"Three suspects are still being sought, officials said.\""
"7560" "\"So how about a change, Middleburg Heights? It's an idea worth percolating.\""
"7561" "\"Here's the advisory from Hal Mumme, Leach's former passing co-conspirator, on what's in store at Washington State, which just hired Leach:\""
"7562" "\"One of McMillan's weaknesses is that players view him as controlling. His Blazers teams have been methodical and careful in their play. He typically has called the offensive sets from the sideline. You know, the whole \\"Sarge\\" persona.\""
"7563" "\"You’ve got to do the best you possibly can, you’ve got to stay humble, you have to appreciate the fact that this is an opportunity and not a right. And ultimately, you have to get results.\""
"7564" "\"Later in the year, the Crocker will present a survey of Sacramento native Mel Ramos, whose work is prized in Europe as well as the United States.\""
"7565" "\"On the bottom of the list were parks and recreation and improvements to Eastern Market.\""
"7566" "\"Hey, Mark: Browns preseason games historically outpoint Indians regular-season games. It's a football region.\""
"7567" "\"It goes without saying that not every idea deserves funding. In fact, it's a pretty good rule of thumb that only those ideas that can attract private financing should become real companies.\""
"7568" "\"It came as a disappointment but not a total surprise when Ford Motor Co. said it would move forward with plans to close its St. Paul assembly plant next year despite a last-minute in-person appeal Wednesday by Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman.\""
"7569" "\"“It took my sister dying to make me realize the love that was in the community,” he said.\""
"7570" "\"In what could be interpreted as a move to inject an element of transparency in the procedure for awarding abatements, former Jersey City Mayor Glenn D. Cunningham pushed through an ordinance requiring lobbyists for developers to be listed with the City Clerk's Office.\""
"7571" "\"James Quigley, 37, of the 9700 block of South Lawndale Ave., was at the site in the 13100 block of South Torrence when a piece of debris, possibly iron, struck him at 4:12 p.m., police said.\""
"7572" "\"Try to avoid close contact with sick people.\""
"7573" "\"At the Food Court, created 20 years ago in what used to be the hotel's main kitchen, Olivieri joins 11 other retailers serving items from sushi to souvlaki.\""
"7574" "\"\\"It felt like a sonic boom,\\" said Letty Salgado, a server at Papa Tony's Diner in San Bernardino. \\"Everybody was startled. Customers all looked at each other, then went right back to their breakfasts. It was real quick.\\"\""
"7575" "\"Additional reporting by Associated Press writer Dale Gavlak.\""
"7576" "\"First, I bought an enormous foldout map of the world to plot this dream trip. I narrowed my wish list to 15 stops - an ambitious 30-day itinerary by anyone's standards.\""
"7577" "\"The cost of repairs has grown to $1.4 million from an original estimate of more than $800,000, Silliman said.\""
"7578" "\"HELSINKI - Tampa Bay Lightning's Nate Thompson broke the tie at the end of the second period to help the U.S. team beat Belarus 5-3 at the ice hockey world championships in Helsinki on Thursday.\""
"7579" "\"\\"You talk about the guys now, there's some reason the team doesn't want him,\\" said Heckert. \\"They didn't franchise him, they didn't sign him, whatever that reason is. There's something there.\\"\""
"7580" "\"Several tools were stolen April 15 from a business under construction in the 200 block of South Geyer Road.\""
"7581" "\"Schreiber, a four-year starter at second base from 1983-86, still owns Purdue's career record for walks (132), is tied with Bob Shoulders for most games (226) and ranks fourth in runs.\""
"7582" "\"The calories and other nutrients absorbed from brines vary and are difficult to estimate. Therefore, this recipe contains no analysis.\""
"7583" "\"Linens and things\""
"7584" "\"The Oregonian’s continuing coverage of the Oregon State TreasuryShortly after taking over as Treasurer last year from the late Ben Westlund, Wheeler did institute a number of reforms in response to the newspaper's findings. He banned first-class air travel and limited golf while on duty, and prohibited the longstanding agency practice of allowing investment officers to seek per diem reimbursements covering meals when those meals were provided for free. He also formed a citizen commission to vet a rewrite of the agency's travel policies and asked the state ethics commission to weigh in on the changes. Last month, he ordered his investment officers to file new public-disclosure forms about their finances.\""
"7585" "\"More broadly, worries that an economic slowdown is spreading worldwide hurt all sectors, most notably commodities-sensitive issues like Caterpillar, off 5.6%, or $3.79, at $63.94.\""
"7586" "\"By Rajan Menon\""
"7587" "\"Now Mitt Romney is trying out some new gas warfare lines of attack against President Barack Obama.\""
"7588" "\"Sanchez's take on street foods - Sopes ($6.99) and Empanadas de Carnitas ($7.99) - is exactly right. Fried masa (corn dough) looks and tastes as though it were made with lard; the refried beans topping the sopes and meat stuffing the empanadas are salty, rich and addictive.\""
"7589" "\"Think of it as the difference between the prototype of Hyundai's hydrogen fuel cell car and a gas-guzzling SUV.\""
"7590" "\"Under the deal, the state will recommend Williams receive 18 months in prison for the aggravated assault charge and up to five years on the cover-up charges. The sentences are to run concurrently, and he’ll be eligible for parole after 18 months. He is to be sentenced Feb. 23.\""
"7591" "\"Meanwhile, Boulder County District Attorney Mary Lacy emphasized a presumption of innocence for Karr and, in language that seemed to discount his emergence as a suspect, explained that sometimes arrests are made before an investigation is complete.\""
"7592" "\"Sometimes, the problem can be as simple as acid reflux causing irritation to the cords, says Maronian, which can be treated with antacids.\""
"7593" "\"\\"It's sad that we have to go to court and fight until the end,\\" Ough said, adding that it was an honor for Windrush to share in the legacy of the historic school site. \\"This building will be here and something good will be in it.\\"\""
"7594" "\"NJ Transit’s trains from Newark Liberty International Airport make stops at Newark Penn Station, Secaucus Junction and New York Penn Station. The trains are easily accessible through the \\"AirTrain\\" monorail operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.\""
"7595" "\"Florida's state senators must stop the nonsense in the House.\""
"7596" "\"Over 30 years of work together, the two bureaucrats developed a friendship. So Mills had one last assignment for Erwert: Speak at his funeral Saturday morning.\""
"7597" "\"\\"I just let go,\\" she said.\""
"7598" "\"\\"People are fascinated with the war because it was Americans against other Americans,\\" says Jim Stephens, education coordinator at Historic Cold Spring Village in Cape May. \\"The deadliest enemy that Americans have ever fought were other Americans.\\"\""
"7599" "\"øBy Chris Brown, NAPFA-Registered Financial Advisor\""
"7600" "\"May 2006: Facebook introduces work networks, allowing people with a corporate email address to join.\""
"7601" "\"Her career as an R&B vocalist took off in 1967, when she topped the charts with her incendiary version of \\"Respect,\\" written by Otis Redding. Franklin went on to score more than 40 other Top 40 singles, including classics such as \\"A Natural Woman (You Make Me Feel Like)\\" and \\"Chain of Fools.\\" She has sold more than 75 million records and won 18 Grammy Awards.\""
"7602" "\"Previous Meetings: Sept. 1 – Parkway South 2, Summit 1; Sept. 8 – Parkway South 14, Summit 6\""
"7603" "\"Preserve your right to vote by voting \\"yes\\" on measures 3-394 and 3-395.\""
"7604" "\"Then Bank Street extension.\""
"7605" "\"45. Maine 21.4\""
"7606" "\"Why would anyone willingly quit heading the well-oiled athletic department at sunny, prestigious Stanford to take over a conference known mainly for its fractiousness and changing membership?\""
"7607" "\"On his way to work one Wednesday, he drove to the bridge instead. \\"It was\""
"7608" "\"Demjanjuk had been tried in Israel after accusations surfaced that he was the notorious Nazi guard \\"Ivan the Terrible\\" in Poland at the Treblinka death camp. He was found guilty in 1988 of war crimes and crimes against humanity, a conviction later overturned by the Israeli Supreme Court.\""
"7609" "\"Arda: I think because The Rock is returning for WrestleMania 28, on top of the fact that he is in great shape and certainly has more than a handful of top-level matches left in him, it seems likely more than ever that the \\"passing of the torch\\" that many are predicting won't actually happen. For the first time in a larger-than-life WrestleMania main event, we may see interference. Say someone like The Miz costs Cena the match. The Rock wins and is strong going into his next match in WWE when he returns, Cena has a new rivalry to occupy him post WrestleMania, and someone (like Miz) is elevated to main-event level once again. It feels right for something like that to happen. Give me The Rock with a Rock Bottom and the 1-2-3 after some interference by The Miz.\""
"7610" "\"\\"If we live in a world where people are in charge of their own financial well-being we have to equip people to deal with this individual responsibility,\\" says Annamaria Lusardi, an economics and accountancy professor and director of the financial literacy center at George Washington University.\""
"7611" "\"Despite that admission, he might remain on the county payroll under the reform government that took office this month.\""
"7612" "\"The shop's two dozen varieties now include gummi bears, gummi dog bones, twin cherry gummies, mini fruit gummies and others. The retailer also gets orders from customers who serve gummies at \\"candy bars\\" at weddings and other parties as well as from ice cream shops that sell them as toppings, Nelkin said.\""
"7613" "\"To call the care there kid-friendly would be a gross understatement.\""
"7614" "\"It's uncertain whether Downey will be back as Stark after \\"Iron Man 3,\\" either in another solo film or a second \\"Avengers\\" tale. With his fourth Marvel flick getting under way, though, Downey said he feels he has a vested interest in the superhero business.\""
"7615" "\"While Wild Beasts played their indie rock and dream pop inside the sweltering Mojave Tent on Sunday afternoon, Fitz and the Tantrums blended its mix of indie pop and neo soul at the equally hot main Coachella stage.\""
"7616" "\"The 2010 episode was based on a review by former Human Rights Watch researcher Sarah Tofte that looked at the vast amount of evidence that had not been analyzed.\""
"7617" "\"The default torque split is a performance-oriented 40/60. The RS 5 accelerates to 62 m.p.h . (100 kmh) in 4.6 seconds.\""
"7618" "\"The 10 strikeouts are a season-high for Jimenez and the most by an Indians starter since Justin Masterson fanned 12 White Sox on Sept. 30, 2009. Jimenez owns 11 career double-digit strikeout games.\""
"7619" "\"Nearly 155,000 people live within a five-mile radius of the mall, according to 2009 county estimates, with about 66.2 percent of the households making more than $50,000 a year.\""
"7620" "\"Froniabargar said Jordan's killing was contracted by the North End and carried out by blacks. The payoff man, he said, was an Italian-American who owned a liquor store at 19th and Vine. Police later determined that man was Centimano.\""
"7621" "\"Police found the car less than a mile away, at Beaubien and Philadelphia, but Bianca was missing.\""
"7622" "\"Showtimes: 6:30 p.m. April 11, 12 and 18. 7:30 p.m. April 14 and 20. 1 p.m. April 21.\""
"7623" "\"The contract is for the master plan update and on-call airport planning services for three years, with an option for a two-year renewal. It's worth up to $3 million for the first year.\""
"7624" "\"‘‘Anybody who has an older brother, especially playing hockey, you look up to them,'' he said. ‘‘He was always around showing you things as you grew up.''\""
"7625" "\"The company says it has mapped the interior of Portland International Airport as well airports in several other cities including Boise, Seattle, San Francisco and San Jose. It's also working with Macy's, Home Depot and others Ikea to map some retail locations.\""
"7626" "\"It was bad enough when the issue was whether the United States would default, with potentially disastrous effects on credit ratings, Social Security recipients, the functioning of the federal government, and all the state and local governments that depend on federal support.\""
"7627" "\"The contract summary explains that Goodyear, pressured by falling auto sales as well as by inexpensive Chinese tires flooding the American replacement-tire market, can offer as many as 600 buyouts to senior union workers. In particular, 200 of those buyout offers could materialize at the company's Buffalo plant, which makes truck tires.\""
"7628" "\"Q: Is Canterbury in this for the long run?\""
"7629" "\"\\"The intensity that this community embraced this event with, it set a new bar,\\" said USA Wrestling Executive Director Rich Bender.\""
"7630" "\"Then he played 33 holes on Saturday and 21 more on Sunday. Not your average golf tournament experience, for sure.\""
"7631" "\"Karr refused to answer questions Thursday about how he knew JonBenet Ramsey. An attorney for the Ramsey family said Wednesday that Karr once lived near the family in Conyers, Ga.\""
"7632" "\"At the hearing in Manhattan federal court, U.S. District Judge P. Kevin Castel extended the ban on Reebok.\""
"7633" "\"We were in the middle of a relatively big hand with lots of action - about $200 in the pot. The game was Texas hold 'em, and three players were still in the hand.\""
"7634" "\"Three Sun Devil women on last year�s victorious 4x400 relay team return.\""
"7635" "\"Then again, if you do happen to know what you're doing, a chipper, omnipresent advisor full of advice is probably the last thing you're looking for.\""
"7636" "\"The business is driving the basketball. Not the other way around. And there's a tremendous ongoing power play among the personalities below Allen. I suspect it's why Portland has had such a revolving door of a front office, and why hiring the next general manager has become a high-wire act for the Blazers.\""
"7637" "\"\\"She had made a significant suicide gesture and left a detailed note,\\" Reichert said. \\"That note indicates very, very clearly that my client, Mr. Louis Perez, had nothing to do with the homicide. That note indicates fully and completely that Ms. Jessica Lopez committed the homicide.\\"\""
"7638" "\"“At the conclusion of the party in the early morning hours of Sunday, March 25, 2012, several friends and acquaintances confronted Mr. Gamble in the parking lot over an undetermined issue,” police said in a news release.\""
"7639" "\"My guess is that something big was happening in Boston that night, because the opaque sites should have done much better. My fallback position? A prosaic AARP rate well under $200 at a hotel outside the districts I preferred but close enough to work.\""
"7640" "\"The master bedroom is feminine, with pale pink walls and blue chairs in front of the stone fireplace. Lighting and a gold settee give the room some glamour, and hand-painted portraits of her four sons -- all at age 2 -- make it personal.\""
"7641" "\"Members of the crew rearranged the deck chairs so they could sit with someone new for a change.\""
"7642" "\"Hearty Threee stars 3819 N. Broadway, 773-868-9866. Though known for their Food Network show as the \\"Hearty Boys,\\" partners Dan Smith and Steve McDonagh are \\"neighborhood guys\\" (their term) at heart, which is why their return to the restaurant world is a cozy 55-seater in Lakeview. Smith, the chef half of the equation, deftly pulls off contemporary riffs on comfort-food icons, while McDonagh takes a similar approach to the ambitious cocktail list. Recommended: Rabbit dog, tuna-noodle casserole, pork tenderloin, root-beer-float cupcake. Open: Dinner Wednesday-Sunday, brunch Sunday. Entree prices: $12-$24. Credit cards: A, DC, DS, M, V. Reservations: Strongly recommended. Noise: Conversation-friendly. Other: Wheelchair accessible.\""
"7643" "\"Julia Hudson told police she had been threatened as many as two dozen times by Balfour, but before the October killings, she didn't take the threats seriously because she didn't believe he would follow through.\""
"7644" "\"Dumstorff said the odds of finding his Red Bud High School keepsake were too great. So, it became a distant memory. Life went on. Dumstorff moved back to the St. Louis area and started working in the coal mines for Peabody Coal. He and his wife, Carol, were married in 1965, settled in Fairview Heights, and had four children.\""
"7645" "\"Expect Frog n Snail to be a lot simpler and less expensive than the acclaimed Sprout. Most entrees are under $20, and three courses (appetizer, main, dessert) can be had for $32 or so.\""
"7646" "\"Among the first round of changes are adding a “reverse revolving door” policy that would aim to prevent city employees from working on any matter that involves their former employer for two years; a whistle blower protection for reporting misconduct; and creating a limit of $50 a year for gifts city employees can accept from an individual source.\""
"7647" "\"So, I'm sorry, neighbors. I'm keeping my babies. Unless you come in the middle of the night and spread time-release, broadleaf weed killer (as one of my friends suggested he'd do if he lived next door), get used to them.\""
"7648" "\"The mother, Tamara Taylor-Schenck, asked protestors to sign a petition, calling for Zimmerman’s arrest, that she plans to send to the U.S. Attorney General. At a rally that she organized in Plainfield, her petition got 253 signatures, and she said she hopes justice will eventually come for Martin.\""
"7649" "\"There came a point in the second half where Oregon reeled off points and lit up the scoreboard with every Cardinal error. Stanford looked like a guy in a casino chasing bad bets, losing his shirt. I kept waiting for someone to pull them away and take them to the buffet line for a spell.\""
"7650" "\"Today I eat only low-fat microwave popcorn. There are only four women (or girls) in my life: Angie, Jessie, Missy and Rosie. I haven't smoked a cigar in years, much to the dismay of my favorite tobacconist and the delight of my doctor. Lest you think I'm the male post-modern version of Doris Day, however, there's still one small problem.\""
"7651" "\"To share parenting tips or submit questions, write to: Parent to Parent,2464 Taylor Road, Suite 131, Wildwood, MO 63040.\""
"7652" "\"Castelaz said the investment in Indio land should put fans' minds at ease about Coachella continuing to improve. \\"Goldenvoice started the way most of us did — scrapping it out on the streets, and now they are paying to widen roads,\\" he said. \\"That kind of commitment is an inspiration to us all.\\"\""
"7653" "\"Fletcher soaks nectarines, plums, berries and cherries in a wine syrup - 11/2 cups each wine and water, and 1/2 cup sugar, cooked to a syrupy consistency.\""
"7654" "\"The tempo on Saturday, as usual, was relentless. Rep after rep, after rep, in rapid fire, Gatling Gun fashion.\""
"7655" "\"This either-or view fails to reflect the reality that Los Angeles needs all three — elementary, secondary and adult education — if it is to have a literate and educated population. We would not think of pitting funding for elementary education against secondary; each has its distinct role. So, too, does adult education. It provides opportunities for those who have been unable to benefit from the traditional K-12 school system.\""
"7656" "\"A lot of people in the technology and investor community talk about the difficulty of raising investment capital in the early stages for a company here in the Mid-Atlantic? Do you think this is an accurate view?\""
"7657" "\"\\"At some point you have to grab the rope and pull yourself out of it,\\" Meyer told audience members.\""
"7658" "\"“We felt that today’s deal provided us the opportunity to acquire several players that are at or near Major League ready and we could control for five to six years, all of whom have upside potential,” Zduriencik said. “We believe it improves the construction of our Major League roster by adding a right-handed bat and a left-handed arm immediately, and thanks to the young arms we have in our minor league system, we believe that we were able to add talent to our organization while dealing from an area of depth.\""
"7659" "\"Officials familiar with the offer said it would save the government $121 billion by requiring federal civilian workers to contribute more to their pension plans, shave $23 billion from farm and nutrition programs and generate $15 billion from new auctions of broadcast spectrum to wireless companies.\""
"7660" "\"Jaime lono\""
"7661" "\"\\"I feel like these pain clinics that are able to keep doing this are no different than Doctor Kevorkian. These doctors are killing our young people for money -- that's it,\\" she said tearfully in a small conference room at the Portsmouth health department. \\"The doctor that prescribed my daughter all of those medicines, she was just a number to him. Two-hundred fifty dollars--that's what he valued my daughter's life, that's what I feel like.\\"\""
"7662" "\"and two others - Anusha , , and Priya Darshini , - were graduate students at Eastern Illinois University in Charleston. Also killed in the crash was Satya , of Aurora, Ill., a cousin of 's.\""
"7663" "\"April 1 - Goody's Fast Relief 500, Ridgeway, Va. (Ryan Newman)\""
"7664" "\"Dennis Mohr, now 61, was originally granted $1.1 million — $500,000 for economic losses, $500,000 for medical expenses but only $100,000 for pain and suffering – by a jury following a civil trial in June, said Mohr’s attorney, Herbert Korn, of Morristown.\""
"7665" "\"\\"As a student it was magical,\\" Aitchison said. \\"Because you had a faculty that wasn't teachers; they were artists. And they spoke to us as artists. So we had this conversation going on all the time, not between student and teacher, but between young artist and older artist.\\"\""
"7666" "\"Councilors and residents had high praise for O'Dell Monday evening and many shared fond memories of working with him on both the professional and personal level.\""
"7667" "\"The first half of the solution is to be grateful for what we have. We differ greatly among ourselves in our level of affluence. But almost everyone in the U.S. has access to clean drinking water and flush toilets. Almost everyone will find a Thanksgiving dinner -- whether at home, with friends and family, or in a shelter. And everyone can find medical care in an emergency. This is not enough. But it is a set of blessings not available to half the people in the world. We must count our blessings.\""
"7668" "\"That put the company ahead of Wall Street's expectations. Without one-time items, including buyouts of 1,700 U.S. factory workers, Ford earned 39 cents per share. Analysts polled by FactSet forecast earnings of 35 cents on revenue of $32.3 billion.\""
"7669" "\"My husband and I are now struggling because we're not sure how God really views gays and lesbians. To listen to some religious people, my son will go to hell. I can't believe that God would create a person to be this way, then turn His back on him.\""
"7670" "\"Forty-five seconds. In Sacramento, a woman wakes her husband -- Did you feel that? He opens his eyes to see a chandelier swaying back and forth; he hears the weights in his double-hung windows banging softly within the walls as the shaking increases, gives a sharp jolt, then ebbs. The man goes back to sleep -- it is only hours later that he will discover his antique mantelpiece clock stopped just before 5:13 a.m.\""
"7671" "\"Such skeptics include Donald Guter, a retired rear admiral who was the top Navy lawyer after 9/11 and fought the Bush administration's push for tribunals. Guter, who will attend the arraignment on behalf of Human Rights First, said he doubted that the system would \\"ever get credibility back.\\" But he said of Martins: \\"If you're going to do this, he's the right guy to be doing it.\\"\""
"7672" "\"\\"Close enough,'' said mover Peter Herrera, who had done the hoisting. \\"These things are not exact.''\""
"7673" "\"There's general agreement across party lines and all levels of government that the tax on industrial and commercial equipment is a disincentive to business investment and should be phased out.\""
"7674" "\"706 NE 19th Ave ; 848 square feet; $250,000\""
"7675" "\"\\"We've seen these elections being dominated by the Internet,\\" said Stefanos Loukakos, country manager in Greece for the Internet giant Google, citing a major shift in online habits since the 2009 election.\""
"7676" "\"Meanwhile, eastbound traffic still is being diverted into westbound lanes at the slide, which is about five miles east of Estacada, near North Fork Reservoir.\""
"7677" "\"The man Le was about to fight looked on in shock as the shooters in the truck raced away.\""
"7678" "\"MIAMI — The small print on the pane that encased the fire extinguisher read, \\"Break Glass In Case Of Emergency.\\" The Knicks’ Amare Stoudemire must have figured a 2-0 NBA playoff series deficit to the Heat qualified.\""
"7679" "\"NEW YORK -- The number of borrowers looking to refinance their mortgage rose last week for the third straight time.\""
"7680" "\"\\"Considering the economy, we've done pretty darn good,\\" said Kevin O'Reilly, of the Oregon chapter of the Paralyzed Veterans of America.\""
"7681" "\"The controversy surrounding the proposal presented itself in stark detail as proponents and opponents alternated at the podium at the two-hour hearing.\""
"7682" "\"Lucy was all right with it. In fact, I think she liked the idea of a larger pack. Lucy and the hellhounds. People cross the street when they see us coming.\""
"7683" "\"None of the neighbors reported hearing the shooting. They said an unmarried couple moved into the home about a year ago and often entertained friends there.\""
"7684" "\"The Sundance London festival runs Friday to Sunday at London's O2 Arena.\""
"7685" "\"Pollak is survived by his wife, Katherine, and five daughters. Funeral plans have not yet been announced.\""
"7686" "\"The state-run media's call for Kim Jong Un to lead the military suggests that, at least for now, he is on pace to take full control of the country.\""
"7687" "\"Kings General Manager Dean Lombardi called it inappropriate. \\"In no way did this reflect the opinion of the players, coaches or staff of the L.A. Kings toward an organization and fan base we respect,\\" he said.\""
"7688" "\"With U.S. farmers planting the largest crop of corn in 75 years, the U.S. Department of Agriculture expects the resulting harvest to reach new records. And that could mean cheaper food for consumers. Assuming the weather cooperates, the country could produce 48 million tons of corn, up 4.5 million tons. Globally, corn production will grow by 75 million tons, or 10 percent, to 946 million tons due to record crops in the United States, China, Brazil and Ukraine, according to the USDA.\""
"7689" "\"Last year, the Christie administration froze entry into the program for parents who earned above 133 percent of the poverty level — $24,645 for a family of three — a move that did not require federal approval because the money came from the state.\""
"7690" "\"Executive Ed FitzGerald is following through on that pledge. When a reporter asked for a calendar the week of Feb. 14, his spokesman sent over an hour-by-hour account of FitzGerald's past week. When she asked for a calendar Feb. 22, she received a look at the week ahead.\""
"7691" "\"There are few choices for tenants seeking large blocks of space in the downtown market, said Barry Dorfman, president and market director for Jones Lang LaSalle's Rocky Mountain region. Those that are looking are considering developing their own buildings.\""
"7692" "\"Shared Account entered last year's Breeders' Cup race off a fifth-place finish in the Flower Bowl at Belmont Park. This time, the 5-year-old Pleasantly Perfect mare has arrived off a sixth-place finish in the Grade II Canadian at Woodbine, a result that has Motion feeling confident.\""
"7693" "\"November 27 & December 11\""
"7694" "\"This agenda is libertarian in the capitalist sector and activist in the human capital sector. Don't triangulate meekly toward the center; select bold policies from both ends. That's what would help Maddie Parlier and millions like her.\""
"7695" "\"The trial started Monday and was to continue Tuesday.\""
"7696" "\"DeFazio said Cruz was stabbed in the abdomen and extremities at least three times.\""
"7697" "\"1 large egg white\""
"7698" "\"“It depends on where you live, but we’re not going to lose them,” said Grant when responding to Bumbernick who thinks they could lose a substantial number of users as a result of the ordinance.\""
"7699" "\"The world's second-most-populous Muslim country is caught in a brutal internal struggle between extremism and moderation. Most of its people tell pollsters they don't like the United States and wish we'd go away. The tribesmen of its western frontier shelter Osama bin Laden and the leaders of Afghanistan's Taliban. And the United States can't forget how, in the 1980s, Pakistan built nuclear weapons -- and then later exported nuclear technology to North Korea and Iran.\""
"7700" "\"Authorities have not said if any of the killings are connected.\""
"7701" "\"There were 3,468 injuries and deaths (mainly injuries) in crashes in the city in 2010, a 23 percent drop from 2006, the first year the state did the rankings.\""
"7702" "\"In the case of “Tiny Toons,” Warner Bros. made an old favorite new again without changing the formula, just the subjects. “Tiny Toons” was the first collaboration between Steven Spielberg and Warner Bros. The partnership was so successful, especially among adults, that “Animaniacs” quickly followed. Just like the original, these shows were a blend of sight gags, wackiness, pop culture references, and stylized, animated violence.\""
"7703" "\"\\"I am pleased to announce that Rochelle Hendricks, New Jersey's Secretary of Higher Education, has approved the College’s application for university designation,\\" President Eugene J. Cornacchia said in an email to students.\""
"7704" "\"I particularly liked the music player and the Mail app, though. Stylish and simple, they let you do what you want to do and mostly try to stay out of your way.\""
"7705" "\"c. An employee chooses to keep their current benefits (the least likely of the three possibilities).\""
"7706" "\"Banchs said the Cultural Council wants to fulfill the city's and citizens' expectations for an organization that receives about $4 million in funding a year.\""
"7707" "\"Washington State at Stanford\""
"7708" "\"\\"In that sense, I'm very close to Mr. Ping,\\" says the actor. \\"To Ping, the broth is, of course, the ultimate thing, as far as importance in his life. Like he said: The secret ingredient is nothing, but just your soul. Which is true. You eat good noodles, and you feel it all the way down. That's where I got the character.\\"\""
"7709" "\"Jehle raised his concerns in a letter dated June 5, 2007 - eight months before the broker said it stopped contracting for telephone auto-dialing services from a Florida firm now being sued by the FTC. US Fidelis gave a copy of that correspondence to FTC regulators, who were investigating whether the Florida firm broke telemarketing laws on behalf of service-contract brokers.\""
"7710" "\"\\"The attempt by the establishment to deceive the voters of Ohio and further their hand-picked candidate will be met with resistance on Tuesday,\\" Gidley said. \\"I want to be clear, Rick Santorum's name will appear on every ballot in the state of Ohio and every vote cast will go towards his at-large delegate allocation.\""
"7711" "\"In Buzz Williams’ state, he knows bringing up the subject these days is a bit taboo. The Marquette head coach isn’t living in a state of denial. Or even one of delusion or fear. Heck, it’s not even really superstition.\""
"7712" "\"Whether that means the troop withdrawal that Bush has refused to consider remains to be seen. Democratic Party chairman Howard Dean said Democrats would not ask for an immediate troop withdrawal, but would press for stabilizing the country and try to \\"leave in a thoughtful and gradual way.\\"\""
"7713" "\"\\"The old stuff was designed either to hurt yourself with a shot or to be mixed and hidden into a cocktail,\\" he says. \\"What we're producing is made to be enjoyed.\\"\""
"7714" "\"Los Angeles County Superior Court Commissioner Douglas Carnahan ruled that the giant automaker mislead Civic owner Heather Peters when it claimed that the hybrid could achieve as much as 50 miles per gallon.\""
"7715" "\"impossibly blue sky. Look around at the flat-roofed buildings that blend into the reddish-brown earth. Beauty is all around. Even the desert scrub is transformed into something remarkable by the bright light and clear air of the 7,000-foot elevation.\""
"7716" "\"There's something almost exotic about tasting wine, walking along the beach and having dinner in one of the many cafes. For the most part you won't find splashy destinations; instead, the best dining spots are simple, small and unassuming.\""
"7717" "\"“I am glad to step into this new role at the department to ensure that Governor Christie’s bold reform agenda moves forward without interruption,” said Hendricks in a prepared statement.\""
"7718" "\"\\"From the start, I didn't think we were hungry,\\" Del Negro said. \\"I didn't think we were physical. I don't think we played hard enough.\\"\""
"7719" "\"øNow, as the networks prepare to unveil their fall lineups and make ad deals for the coming season, \\"social\\" TV viewing is a key component of what they will be touting. (NBC and Fox will be the first to present to advertisers, on May 14.)\""
"7720" "\"SAN FRANCISCO (USA TODAY) — More than 60% of today's young adults have received financial help from their parents  and those described as having more agreeable personalities as children get more money than others, finds a study to be presented today at a meeting of the Population Association of America.\""
"7721" "\"White fir, Douglas fir, Monterey pine, silver tip. Open 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Friday-Sunday. 3245 N. Canyon Road, Placerville. (530) 622-0084.\""
"7722" "\"PetFix Northeast Ohio slashed its cat-neuter fees last month to encourage low-income cat owners and the caretakers of stray cats to get them sterilized before breeding season.\""
"7723" "\"If you're an Oregon fan, you have to love the performance of the UO women at the Penn Relays.\""
"7724" "\"He wasn't drafted to be that. At 5-9, around 200 pounds, Slaton isn't built to be that. But he gave it a shot. That's what team players do. And Slaton was always a team player.\""
"7725" "\"Payton said that, as head coach, he should take full responsibility for a program which the NFL says offered improper cash bonuses for blows that either knocked targeted star players out of the game or left them needing help off the field.\""
"7726" "\"'My Way' -- 2 stars\""
"7727" "\"And financial institutions aren’t earning nearly as much from the nickel-and-dime stuff they charge to customers, including processing fees, safe-deposit box rentals and check printing.\""
"7728" "\"Favorite place to get a drink? I'm a huge craft beer/microbrew fan, so Alewife is high on my list. Who doesn't love 40 beers on tap!?\""
"7729" "\"Blumberg was particularly interested in what came to be known as extremophiles, those organisms that can live in unusually hot and arid or exceptionally cold environments. He reasoned that they might provide a model for the types of life that could develop elsewhere.\""
"7730" "\"Another witness, Kennon Murphy, of Charlotte, N.C., said he was on his way to the nearby Javits Convention Center when he heard \\"a big boom.\\" He said of the crane: \\"We noticed it was down.\\"\""
"7731" "\"\\"He comes from Wall Street. He understands this better than all of us, I'm sure,\\" Sweeney said. \\"But I understand one thing -- we're in a hell of a lot of trouble.\\"\""
"7732" "\"Workers played blackjack and dice in a section called Little Las Vegas. They brought booze to the job in their lunch pails. The sage whiff of marijuana filtered out of the bathrooms and lingered behind the plant where they dumped scrap metal.\""
"7733" "\"HOW THEY MET: We saw an ad in The Baltimore Sun and went to visit the litter. Maggie walked up to John, curled up into a ball at his feet and went to sleep. That was that!\""
"7734" "\"—to cut their electricity use by 15%.\""
"7735" "\"\\"It's really quite daunting,\\" she said.\""
"7736" "\"Other suggestions include demolishing gingerbread houses left over from Christmas, devoting the whole night to fondues - cheese, meat and chocolate, and holding a picnic in the living room and watching a movie.\""
"7737" "\"Ellersick has served the students at Sacred Heart School for more than 35 years.\""
"7738" "\"Approximate values per serving: 308 calories, 8 g fat, 172 mg cholesterol, 26 g protein, 33 g carbohydrates, 4 g fiber, 345 mg sodium, 23 percent calories from fat.\""
"7739" "\"The women’s basketball team, which still does not have a coach since Sharp was reassigned, must inform prospective recruits of its infractions and publicize its violations in media guides and any alumni-related publications. Recruiting already figures to be a challenge, with the team being banned from the 2012-13 NJAC playoffs.\""
"7740" "\"“Arizona State, I thought we were feeling sorry for ourselves after the two overtime losses,’’ he said, referring to losses to Stanford and Arizona. “This game, I don’t think we were feeling sorry for ourselves. Maybe we were feeling a little too good about ourselves.’’\""
"7741" "\"The Thursday verdict means jurors were convinced sales was not the brokers' primary job when they made calls and tried to get people to agree to loans between 2002 and 2006.\""
"7742" "\"But it hasn't been all cupcakes and champagne for the travel website.\""
"7743" "\"After navigating a windy, dirt road that climbed the long-dormant Mount Batur volcano, she reached the rice-farming community of Songan.\""
"7744" "\"Hey, Ted: Flynn must be thoroughly evaluated. Here's what I don't like about him: 1. His size and arm strength are not much different from McCoy's. 2. I'm not sure how much he can lift a mediocre team -- a requirement of a true franchise quarterback. I believe his surrounding cast has lifted him. 3. You just never know how a backup will react when he is elevated to the starting job and all the responsibility falls on him. These concerns don't disqualify him, in my opinion, but allaying them would take a lot of research. I do agree if the Browns could find their quarterback outside the draft, they could really make some hay in the draft developing a supporting cast.\""
"7745" "\"\\"Let's assume they got a reasonably decent chain of custody on the weapon and reasonably decent recovery on the cartridge cases, and identifiable bullet fragments. Then they match that to the weapon. Bingo,\\" he said.\""
"7746" "\"After the Dolphin Plunge, we all grabbed floats and took a trip on Loggerhead Run, a lazy river that takes you past the dolphin tank slowly enough so the kids could finally see them. It's not as long as the Lazy River at Blizzard Beach, one of two Disney aquatic parks in nearby Lake Buena Vista, but it was fine.\""
"7747" "\"Opinions about Oden's surgery and the team's management flowed freely before the game.\""
"7748" "\"Partnering with Teach for America will strengthen the hiring pool for many of our highest-need schools and subjects. Moreover, the organization will help us keep homegrown leaders who decide to join Teach for America here in our great city of Cleveland. Like in the other 43 communities where the organization works, Teach for America teachers will interview alongside other candidates for open positions and, if hired, become school district employees. In my experience, school districts want to partner with Teach for America because it creates a pipeline of talented teachers and leaders eager to work in the most challenging settings.\""
"7749" "\"\\"This is the time to get things done,\\" Goodell said during a stop at the Star Tribune. \\"I've been here several times on the stadium front over the years. In 2006, they moved forward with a stadium for the Twins and the Gophers. We were asked to move to the next year. And it's now 2012.\\"\""
"7750" "\"\\"It's been expensive and distracting for the district,\\" said Lewis-Wolfram, who has clashed repeatedly with Holloway at public meetings and in closed sessions.\""
"7751" "\"The property is eligible for a variety of uses, such as apartments, offices or mixed use, but single-family homes won't be considered, said Chandler planning administrator Jack Kurtz.\""
"7752" "\"Add splash of soda water and muddle. Fill with ice. Add light rum to taste, finish with club soda. Cover, shake like hell. Serve.\""
"7753" "\"Nobody directly connected with the case expected the long-scheduled hearing next week to actually go forward. Dwek, who pleaded guilty in October 2009 to a $50 million bank fraud, continues to cooperate with the U.S. Attorney’s Office and remains free on bail. His sentencing has already been delayed three times in the past three years.\""
"7754" "\"Seventeen-year-old Unique Payne called the speech \\"great\\" and said she voted for Garcia \\"because I support the gay community.\\"\""
"7755" "\"\\"Congressman Miller is a man whose ideas petrified years ago.\\"\""
"7756" "\"As politicians jockey for position next year, they will all face a worried electorate, according to an Ohio Poll sponsored by the University of Cincinnati released today.\""
"7757" "\"Pierre LeBrun: \\"Not sure the Roman Polak door wants to open against Colin White.\\"\""
"7758" "\"Chagrin Falls will host Wickliffe at 4:30 p.m. Friday in its second last regular season game of the year.\""
"7759" "\"Rybak did not try and hide his expenditures and more than once asked Dimora if he reported Local 55 entertainment on his ethics report.\""
"7760" "\"Texas Gov. Rick Perry makes nearly $225,000 a year, but a good chunk of it comes not from his state salary, but from his retirement benefits.\""
"7761" "\"The Utes looked so dominant in the first set Sunday against Newcomers in the Seward Park tournament final. But the Lions came back and bested New Utrecht in three sets, marking the first real loss for the Brooklyn team against a team not in the top three.\""
"7762" "\"LA: I have one more question for you. You describe a society in which people look after themselves because they know the most about themselves, and they will flourish if you let them. You, however, are a crusader for the rights of others. For example, you say in \\"Free to Choose\\" – and it's a very powerful statement – a tiny minority is what matters. So is it one of the weaknesses of the free market that it requires certain extremely talented and disinterested people who can defend it?\""
"7763" "\"Well, if you're a saver in America, you should know how that football feels. You've been passed and carried around the turf without any power to change the outcome of the game. The current fight over the future of money-market mutual funds is just the latest play.\""
"7764" "\"Locke isn't happy about the truck traffic, but she's most worried that mining will contaminate streams and aquifers. \\"My largest concern is chromite poisoning,\\" said Locke, a registered nurse.\""
"7765" "\"DETROIT -- For eight months in 2006, Elaine Bannon and her husband, Chuck Bannon -- both Ford engineers -- kept a secret at work.\""
"7766" "\"Plain Dealer reporter Michael Sangiacomo contributed to this column.\""
"7767" "\"Jones will play the title role, the general whose mind is so poisoned by an evil ensign, Iago, that he comes to doubt his devoted wife, Desdemona. Jones' Broadway credits include \\"Passing Strange,\\" \\"Radio Golf\\" and \\"Gem of the Ocean.\\" Originally from Dallas, he is a graduate of the Yale School of Drama.\""
"7768" "\"Many people can function quite effectively well into their 80s. However, elderly judges were apparently a serious enough problem before we adopted the current age limit that we took the extraordinary step of amending the Constitution to put the current limit in place. The OPAA thinks it has served us well and improved the overall quality of the judiciary.\""
"7769" "\"As part of the agreement, the Dodgers said McCourt and \\"certain affiliates of the purchasers\\" would acquire the land surrounding Dodger Stadium, including its parking lots, for $150 million.\""
"7770" "\"The invitees are among a bipartisan group expected to meet with President Barack Obama at the White House Tuesday afternoon to discuss revamping the immigration system.\""
"7771" "\"I find it rather interesting that universities have been built upon a foundation for solving problems with innovative solutions, but in this case, they are simply doing business as usual. In today's business world, doing business as usual means one is headed toward bankruptcy.\""
"7772" "\"4367 Fatima Dr, $86,000\""
"7773" "\"What's available: Certified organic vegetables, herbs, and flowers.\""
"7774" "\"Gerald and Jane Nummi married in 1947. He was band director at Painesville's Harvey High School in the 1950s and taught school for 39 years. He died in 1995.\""
"7775" "\"For “Notes on Light,” she worked without plugged-in enhancements. “I wanted the audience to lean forward to hear everything,” she says.\""
"7776" "\"I would not change my advice for the teacher last week, but I have a bit of advice for those who agree with the tone and tenor of your comments. No matter what you believe should happen, or what political viewpoints you have, today is still today. Today, you have a set of students that you are still charged with serving. Advocate for your positions outside of the classroom. Believe what you will, but today, serve and teach who is before you, all of them.\""
"7777" "\"Heat a wok or a large, deep skillet over medium-high until very hot. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. Add the ginger and garlic. Cook for about 1 minute, tossing once, until fragrant but not browned.\""
"7778" "\"The Cleveland screening is free. Rock hall members can secure seats starting at 10 a.m. Thursday at https://tickets.rockhall.com or 216-515-8426; tickets will be accessible to the general public starting at 10 a.m. Friday.\""
"7779" "\"NBC Sports Group has signed a lease for 32,000 square feet in the mixed-use development, which will have offices and studios for Comcast SportsNet Houston. The regional sports network will broadcast Rockets and Astros games.\""
"7780" "\"I asked him if he was surprised.\""
"7781" "\"Hinrichs said Thailand, along with China and India, are Fords manufacturing hubs in Asia Pacific. Plants are under construction in China and India to boost domestic production.\""
"7782" "\"\\"Obviously, the $200 million we're going to get (from the NFL for a new stadium project) is a big step; it's huge,\\" Fabiani says. \\"There is some good news. There's the $200 million, and there seems to be a consensus on the type of facility we want, a retractable roof, multipurpose. We're still split on the site, between the East Village and 10th Avenue Marine Terminal (the best site).\""
"7783" "\"Whitman said non-member gyms do not have to follow the Member Club Standard of Care Agreement, which is intended to promote a safe environment for athletes. Member clubs are not allowed to employ banned members or allow them to work as volunteers. Whitman said this is important because some banned coaches do not have a criminal conviction and can therefore pass a simple background check.\""
"7784" "\"But should Obama be linked to the Lorain plant's demise?\""
"7785" "\"Oregon at Washington State\""
"7786" "\"\\"Because of the underlying geology, there are little pockets of water. …Those pockets may be connected by fractures and one well could really have a dramatic effect on another well,\\" he said. \\"This protects people's investments.\\"\""
"7787" "\"The maturity kicked in once Barnes started driving to the basket more often to eliminate the Golden Eagles’ defensive effectiveness. He scored his first two points of the game on a dunk with 13 minutes to go in the first half and didn’t slow down after.\""
"7788" "\"Let's hope crews look harder. This problem, after all, will just continue to grow.\""
"7789" "\"At the plate: Gartrell extended his RBI streak to five games.\""
"7790" "\"A property owner whose land includes the cypress where the parrots are known to perch, keep an eye on preying hawks and hide their hatchlings while they hunt for food wants the aging trees gone because he considers them a liability, neighbors say.\""
"7791" "\"Ebbers could get up to 25 years in prison if convicted on charges of conspiracy, securities fraud and filing false statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. WorldCom filed for bankruptcy protection in 2002, the largest reorganization in U.S. history, and emerged in April as MCI Inc.\""
"7792" "\"\\"We really don't know anything,\\" Matheny said. \\"The things he's been tested on already, there haven't been any open flags.\\"\""
"7793" "\"For further details see Saturday's print edition of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.\""
"7794" "\"\\"It's our hope the federal agencies and state agencies are aware of the serious nature of the situation,\\" said Jim Beck, Kern's general manager.\""
"7795" "\"\\"There's an anxiety that builds up when you write and rewrite a book for years, thinking if it's ever going to get done,\\" he said. \\"I think now as I'm getting back to writing I'm going back to square zero. There's a lot of motivation. But I also think that anxiety will quickly build up again.\\"\""
"7796" "\"Assistant U.S. Attorney Peter J. Mazza said the government opted to prosecute the retired school teacher for tax evasion because they felt it was the best way to stop her.\""
"7797" "\"Dr. Guarisco saw the need for a more efficient way move patients through the ER after Hurricane Katrina, when the flagship Ochsner Medical Center's volume nearly doubled and its left-without-being-seen rate soared to 15%, from a historic rate of about 5%.\""
"7798" "\"636 Saint Vincent Court, Linda W. Eastlack and Ronald Smith to William Willis and Dolores Willis for $145,000.\""
"7799" "\"5215 CARNEGIE CT $182,100\""
"7800" "\"In limited action, Lynch has completed 19 of 26 passes for 179 yards and three touchdowns with no interceptions.\""
"7801" "\"A fresh French take on the classic fairy tale from director Catherine Breillat, with a feminist twist. It stars Dominique Thomas and Lola Creton, and screens at 7 p.m. Friday and 1:30 p.m. Sunday at Cleveland Museum of Art, 11150 East Blvd. In French with subtitles. -- Clint O'Connor\""
"7802" "\"She said the younger brother was removed, but the older brother started playing with toys instead of continuing with the test, reports said.\""
"7803" "\"\\"The open question is what will Kaczynski's party and his brother do; he might decide to run for president himself, he might also consider to withdraw from politics at all because he had a very very close link to his brother and I can't imagine how much shocked he must be.\\"\""
"7804" "\"After giving birth in prison to her attacker's child, Gulnaz, who goes by a single name, was eventually pardoned, perhaps because news of her plight was reported by a documentary filmmaker. But to win her freedom, she had to agree to marry her rapist.\""
"7805" "\"KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — In a story April 26, The Associated Press reported that Diamond Pet Foods had recalled a batch of Chicken Soup for the Pet Lover's Soul dog food. The story should have made clear that all four production codes being recalled are of the Adult Light Formula of dry dog food. The recalled products:\""
"7806" "\"Attorney Robert Mongeluzzi told a packed Philadelphia federal courtroom that 16-year-old Dora Schwendtner's final moments were spent selflessly trying to aid deckhand Kyle Burkhardt, who dove overboard seconds before the sightseeing duck boat was run over by a barge being guided up the Delaware River by a tug boat.\""
"7807" "\"If you live into your 80s or beyond, having more personal savings to work with, plus higher Social Security benefits, can be critical for maintaining a comfortable standard of living.\""
"7808" "\"And how is Mannion's team reacting to customer input?\""
"7809" "\"Gen Xers and other boomer offspring shouldn't expect a handout when their parents die. A surprisingly low 49% of millionaire boomer parents said that leaving money to their kids was a priority.\""
"7810" "\"Others also have questioned the involvement of the bill's sponsor, Rep. Lynn Wachtmann, a Northwest Ohio Republican, who sits on the board of directors for the International Bottled Water Association and owns a water bottling company that uses waters from Lake Erie tributaries.\""
"7811" "\"\\"The officer alleges that he was assaulted by the council person,\\" Crump told The Arizona Republic. In addition to the SID inquiry, the Police Department's internal-affairs unit is investigating Johnson's allegations of police abuse.\""
"7812" "\"And that's just for starters.\""
"7813" "\"\\"It doesn't happen too often where you're in charge,\\" Bickerstaff said. \\"When we get leverage in life, we have to use it.\\"\""
"7814" "\"While both companies declined today, Exxon fell more, leaving it with a market value of $330.8 billion, compared with $337.2 billion for Apple at the close of U.S. markets. Yesterday was the first time Apple passed Exxon in intraday trading.\""
"7815" "\"The heady senior point guard just didn’t miss free throws late in big games and was absolutely superb, scoring 21 points in the fourth quarter of a CHSAA Archdiocesan semifinals win over Cardinal Hayes. Not only was Graves a leader, he was also St. Ray’s best shooter en route to the intersectional title.\""
"7816" "\"\\"They were having a ball,\\" Jervis said. \\"I was kind of jealous. I wish I could have gone that fast with one of those cars and with a trooper, front and behind.\\"\""
"7817" "\"In the play, one of the conspiring reporters works for the Rocky Mountain News, though no evidence exists that the paper played any part in the scheme. But doing so allows Suh to exploit one of the longest newspaper rivalries in history, ending with the News' closure in 2009. You needn't have been alive in 1907 to know how intensely these papers feuded. But that year, Bonfils' enmity for News owner Thomas Patterson spilled out into the streets near the state Capitol. In the spirit of a Wild West duel, Bonfils attacked Patterson, who had called Bonfils a blackmailer in a News cartoon. When the teetering News was bought by Cincinnati media company Scripps-Howard and merged with The Express in 1926, Roy Howard spit, \\"We believe that a dictatorship of Denver's newspaper field by The Denver Post would be nothing less than a blight.\\"\""
"7818" "\"With its unrelenting musical drive, rough language and elliptical story, \\"American Idiot\\" isn't for everyone. But it's for a wider audience than you might think. You don't have to be a Green Day fan, or 20-something, to get this show. You just have to know what it's like to feel as if your heart might explode right inside you.\""
"7819" "\"Charles Faraimo / Grant / 6-3 / 270 / Sr.\""
"7820" "\"\\"Our goal is to get back to our core purpose—putting our users and advertisers first—and we are moving aggressively to achieve that goal,\\" Mr. Thompson said ...\""
"7821" "\"The museum's exhibition, on view through Sunday, Jan. 2, focuses on more than 50 pieces brooches, pendants and necklaces shaped like insects, crustaceans, birds or animals. They blend a liquid, flowing sense of line with forms that seem at times organic, geological or mechanical -- sometimes all at once.\""
"7822" "\"Board members did not specifically refer to the new lawsuit at the meeting. When board member Robin Harris began talking about the appellate decision, the board attorney advised him not to issue opinions on litigation during an open meeting.\""
"7823" "\"\\"We understand the real frustration that students are feeling,\\" Galloway said. \\"We're trying to balance that\\" against keeping a safe environment.\""
"7824" "\"But landlords like Marty Helstein of Lyndhurst report finding surprise charges tacked on to their own residential bills years after the fact.\""
"7825" "\"China agreed to make changes to boost domestic consumption, harness profits from state-owned firms to boost social spending and slightly open the Chinese economy to additional competition, though none of the commitments are binding on Beijing. The U.S. said it would move more promptly in working out rules governing export of high-tech goods, so long as they are used for non-military purposes.\""
"7826" "\"\\"We played two days in a row, two tough conference losses coming in here, and pitching was down,\\" Jeffers said. \\"I threw sophomores tonight. (Rushing) hadn't thrown in a while and he needed to throw. I wish I could have stretched him out more, but he has to throw more strikes.\\"\""
"7827" "\"In an hour-long, expletive-free news conference on Thursday, Stern dismissed those concerns and said that he fully understands that \\"America's Got Talent\\" is a family show.\""
"7828" "\"Via Twitter, Horror Nights creative director John Murdy has put a few movie maze contenders on his short list (\\"Trick 'r Treat\\" and \\"Evil Dead\\") while declaring some other titles difficult to acquire (\\"The Exorcist\\" and \\"Dawn of the Dead\\") or hard to adapt \\"Zombieland\\" and \\"Silent Hill\\").\""
"7829" "\"He was on the offseason roster for the St. Louis Rams from April until late July, just before the start of training camp for this season.\""
"7830" "\"\\"Why did he always miss what the right thing was?\\" Davis asked, adding that all of it amounted to \\"shameful behavior.\\"\""
"7831" "\"Jake Fox and Jordy Mercer each had two hits for the Tribe.\""
"7832" "\"Despite the addition of self-help kiosks, elite service desks, etc., the curbside Skycap is still your best, hassle-free option for check-in and baggage drop-off. You avoid the confusing and cramped terminals, making it well worth the modest tip.\""
"7833" "\"Council members launched an investigation. They hired a private attorney to serve as special counsel. He concluded the spending violated state law, and council members voted unanimously to admonish the mayor and fine her $200. The investigation cost $20,000.\""
"7834" "\"The governor also mocked the teachers union’s proposal, pointing to a comment by NJEA Executive Director Vincent Giordano that the union did not propose changes to a three year, one day probationary period before teachers get tenure because \\"when a system works, why would we seek to change it?\\"\""
"7835" "\"On Friday, May 5, Kilmer will deliver the commencement address at the university.\""
"7836" "\"A steadily declining dollar over the past two months has helped funnel money into stocks and commodities as investors seek better returns.\""
"7837" "\"Nate then spent more than an hour talking -- unfailingly polite, composed and patient -- to a stream of local and national television reporters asking the same questions over and over.\""
"7838" "\"Auslese and beyond: \\"Selected harvest,\\" from very ripe grapes and capable of long aging. Beyond that lie the intensely sweet Beerenauslese and Trockenbeerenauslese. There's also Eiswine, from grapes frozen on the vine.\""
"7839" "\"In 2008, in her first pageant, Pam Wheeler was crowned Ms. Senior Orange County. In 2009, she made it to first runner-up in the Ms. Senior California. This year, she won Ms. Senior Conejo Valley in May and took the Ms. Senior California 2010 crown over the weekend in Carlsbad.\""
"7840" "\"What: Game 4 Western Conference championship (Portland leads best-of-seven series 3-0)\""
"7841" "\"When Green challenged Bun’s assertion from the stand that he was reacting to a perceived threat to protect his friend, Toan Nguwen, the driver of the car he was riding in, Bun became hostile. Nguwen earlier testified that he had warned Bun, \\"Don't do anything stupid.\\"\""
"7842" "\"Sgt. Major of the Army Raymond F. Chandler will meet with reporters on Thursday.\""
"7843" "\"\\"He is as legal as the day is long,\\" DeRose said. \\"We've never had any reason to doubt his legal status.\\"\""
"7844" "\"Garza called it lots of things, many unfit for public consumption.\""
"7845" "\"But labor productivity is only one of many costs that go into operating an assembly plant. The St. Paul plant is inefficiently designed and underutilized. It makes one model, the Ranger, that appeals to a shrinking number of consumers.\""
"7846" "\"Kara DioGuardi's book\""
"7847" "\"-�Greater Phoenix Pond Society: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. May 7. Every year, area pond enthusiasts organize a free educational tour of their creative residential water features. Visit koi ponds, goldfish ponds and waterfalls with lush plantings. For maps and information, visit phoenixponds.com.\""
"7848" "\"Among the leads, Radcliffe alternates between playing the wet blanket and the dry wit, and Grint strikes a few sparks as his ambivalent protector. It is Watson who catches fire as the strategist and soldier of this penultimate Potter quest. Watson's so good that one wishes Rowling had built her septology around Hermione Potter.\""
"7849" "\"That song is, of course, “Tradition” — and tradition has indeed had a great impact on Hoffman’s life in the theater. His love and appreciation for Jewish culture and customs will be apparent starting next week in Montclair, when he appears in two productions.\""
"7850" "\"Lauren Hynes / Torrey Pines / Sr. / P-1B / Boston University commit\""
"7851" "\"Beverly Smith\""
"7852" "\"Much of the company's debt was piled on by the two private equity companies, Apollo Management Group and Texas Pacific Group, who took Harrah's private three years ago. Apollo and TPG planned to keep majority control of it after the IPO. They paid $30.7 billion in 2007 in what was one of the biggest leveraged buyouts ever. But that was before the financial crisis hit.\""
"7853" "\"Access to oil and gas in South Atlantic waters also would probably meet stiff resistance from the coastal states unless Congress first enacts a plan to share the billions of dollars in potential revenue from lease sales and oil and gas development. And that's not easy.\""
"7854" "\"They're familiar stereotypes: the super-intense soccer mom, the dad who loses his temper at pee-wee football games.\""
"7855" "\"Yahoo, in an initial public statement on the issue, had called the discrepancy an \\"inadvertent error.\\"\""
"7856" "\"\\"People have pretty much adjusted to the risk factor of earthquakes and go about their daily lives,\\" said Mark DiCamillo, director of the Field Poll.\""
"7857" "\"The yellow perch fishing should heat up again this weekend off the Marblehead Lighthouse and around the southeast side of Kelleys Island.\""
"7858" "\"Tickets to the Latino Showcase are $15 for a film, $25 for the gala, or $35 for a film and the gala.\""
"7859" "\"nationally by ESPN RISE and fourth by the National Soccer Coaches Association of America, will return to the area this weekend. They play at Incarnate Word at 4 p.m. Friday, then at St. Joseph's at 1 p.m. Saturday.\""
"7860" "\"The number of students attending Oregon schools surged during the 1990s and kept growing until 2003. During that period, the schools added 70,000 students, a 15 percent increase, as families flocked to Oregon from other parts of the nation and the world.\""
"7861" "\"\\"It's a much more complicated story if you know Claire had this daughter, if you know that things didn't just begin with the war,\\" Johnson said.\""
"7862" "\"\\"Voice of Reason:\""
"7863" "\"Number of hearings in progress or postponed at employee’s request\""
"7864" "\"Q: Why are higher interest rates such a problem?\""
"7865" "\"In other words, when his thetan starts acting up and the furniture jumping starts, they won't bat an eye.\""
"7866" "\"But Clean Air Watch President Frank O'Donnell called it \\"a disturbing reversal of policy.\\"\""
"7867" "\"TAKASHI SUGAYA, 80, Winter Park, died Saturday. Collison Family Funeral Home & Crematory, Howell Branch Chapel, Winter Park.\""
"7868" "\"\\"We want to make sure that we're connecting the dots with Howard County employees and citizens the best we can,\\" Ulman said.\""
"7869" "\"The other complaint, voiced with frequency around University Circle, is that the looming concrete elevator tower that rises from the core of the East Wing contrasts harshly with the rest of the structure.\""
"7870" "\"-Limits on Half Dome Trail: Park officials want to limit the number of people who can access the popular 8-mile Half Dome Trail. Among the options being considered is removing the steel cables that make the final portion of the climb easier for less-experienced hikers. Another option is to limit access to 300 people per day. That's fewer than the 400 allowed per day between Memorial Day and October under a park lottery in 2011. Half Dome looms 5,000 feet above the valley floor. Five people have died on the trail since 2006.\""
"7871" "\"No stories were spiked, and no reporters said they were dissuaded from following up leads. It is true that reporters don't have subpoena power, but what kept the paper from getting to the story ahead of the FBI was sins of journalistic omission -- the failure to follow up leads, to cultivate sources and mobilize resources, to report aggressively on matters of keen public interest rather than accepting business as usual. In some respects, that is even more disturbing than the false charges that the newspaper was in bed with the people it covers.\""
"7872" "\"ANTELOPE 1, WHITNEY 0\""
"7873" "\"Feet and Friends Fighting Colon Cancer: 5K run/walk and 8K run. All ages and skill levels welcome. Proceeds benefit colon cancer awareness, prevention and finding a cure. 8:45 a.m. Hudson Mills Metropark, 8801 N. Territorial, Dexter. 248-663-3434. www.feetandfriends.org. $30, $35 on race day. T-shirt included with registration, while supplies last.\""
"7874" "\"The younger generation, who grew up “under the table” — literally where vendors’ children would sleep and play during shows — has also adopted the philosophy of selling nostalgia.\""
"7875" "\"Father's Day is a few weeks off. Shoppers should grab this one for young dads.\""
"7876" "\"During his time with the city, Armendariz was involved with major projects including the building of Milpitas City Hall, the Barbara Lee Senior Center and Milpitas Public Library. Armendariz's departure Wednesday came the morning after more than 100 Milpitas Public Works Department employees and union members picketed in front of Milpitas City Hall regarding outsourcing and potential elimination of nearly 40 workers. Several later spoke during Tuesday's city council meeting attempting to convince officials not to commit to a layoff plan that grapples with the city's estimated $9.2-million budget shortfall next fiscal year, which begins July 1.\""
"7877" "\"Bytnar said Hobart Solar LLC still needs to go before both the BZA and Board of Public Works for approvals.\""
"7878" "\"When Andy Goldacker transferred from South County Center to become the general manager of West County Center in June, he immediately began planning for the holiday shopping season.\""
"7879" "\"In light of Alex Gonzalez's 413-foot homer on his previous at-bat, Lohse didn't seem to mind walking Gonzalez to load the bases. He did, however, mind walking George Kottaras on a 3-1 pich well out of the strike zone.\""
"7880" "\"However, he was told that JCP&L does not believe the wall is required. Holt provided documentation that he said shows the DEP expects the wall to be built. The Township Committee agreed to send a letter to ask the DEP to verify that the wall is a requirement.\""
"7881" "\"\\"We expect mistakes,\\" Waffles said. \\"It's college radio, run by students. We don't expect it to be perfect.\\"\""
"7882" "\"\\"In a time when our public schools continue to struggle financially, we want their focus to be solely on core education issues such as math, science and reading; and not on topics that are better left for discussion in the home at the discretion of parents,\\" he said in a statement.\""
"7883" "\"\\"There certainly has not been a definitive decision in the case,\\" she said.\""
"7884" "\"0:45: Granger missed layup.\""
"7885" "\"Other reports released Thursday were less encouraging. Chief executives at the nation's largest companies are more pessimistic than they were just three months ago, according to a survey by a trade group, the Business Roundtable.\""
"7886" "\"Data providers obtain information from online public records, private vendors, jails and police blotters, it says. Sloppy handling of that data can cause a search on one person to turn up a rap sheet about someone with a similar name, for example.\""
"7887" "\" It's your last chance to plant such \\"cool weather\\" bedding plants as pansies, violas and primroses.\""
"7888" "\"7:30 p.m. Friday, Virgil H. Carr Cultural Center, 311 E. Grand River, Detroit. 3 p.m. Sunday, Birmingham Unitarian Church, 38651 Woodward. Advance tickets: $25, $22 seniors, $10 students; $5 more per ticket at the door. 248-559-2095. www.detroitchamberwinds.org.\""
"7889" "\"In a 28-minute speech, Christie repeatedly returned to a theme of Jersey as punch line turned success, promising Romney can do the same in Illinois and around the country if elected.\""
"7890" "\"Austin Hope of Hope Family Wines has been making Treana Red, a blend of cabernet sauvignon and syrah, since 1996. Back then, people looked at him like he was \\"insane.\\" They wanted to know what could possibly be in a $35 red table wine from Paso Robles.\""
"7891" "\"He said he did not report the problem to Toyota, nor did his insurer inquire about it.\""
"7892" "\"Out here, about three hours from the capital, there is little mention of Castro. However, many billboards feature Che Guevara, the Argentine doctor who was a co-leader of the Cuban Revolution in 1958-59.\""
"7893" "\"But choosing the site isn’t as easy as it seems.\""
"7894" "\"Instead of pursuing a master’s degree in social work, Green, 38, enrolled in the Georgia Baptist College of Nursing of Mercer University and graduated in 2003.\""
"7895" "\"Hey, Matt: The Eagles are playing it coy with their plans for Jackson. Will they franchise him? Re-sign him? Trade him? If he's franchised, the Browns won't touch him. If he's free, they might make a pitch. I'm guessing the Giants will wrap up Manningham, especially after The Catch II. If not, the Browns should take a gander.\""
"7896" "\"Griffin, for many years a landscape manager for the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory, discussed both elaborate and basic drip irrigation systems Wednesday at the weekly Our Garden class at the Times.\""
"7897" "\"The zone will go into effect April 1, 13 days before the Timbers first home game, through Oct. 31, coinciding with the game schedule. During those months, the zone will be in effect from 6 to 10 p.m., Wednesday through Saturday, and from 1 to 6 p.m. on Sunday. The previous \\"Zone L\\" was in effect every day of the week, but this year, no Timbers home games are scheduled for Mondays and Tuesdays.\""
"7898" "\"Contact: Visit www.obscuritycellars.com. Oakstone also will be the setting Jan. 28-29 for an annual barrel tasting and sale of futures, during which the alicante bouschet will be poured, 11 a.m.-5 p.m.\""
"7899" "\"Her stepmother Michelle Phillips was infuriated by Mackenzie’s claims, saying she shouldn’t have waited until John Phillips, the Mamas and the Papas founder, was dead to make them. Michelle Phillips’ daughter Bijou, Mackenzie’s half-sister, won’t speak to her.\""
"7900" "\"Another high-voltage race crystalized in recent days when State Sen. Nina Turner of Cleveland filed to challenge Rep. Marcia Fudge in the 11th District's Democratic primary.\""
"7901" "\"\\"And if you haven't got a sense of humor,\\" Armit said with a winning grin, \\"you shouldn't live in Mexico.\\"\""
"7902" "\"Brady on Saturday also said that it appeared to him that Germana was on the brink of having the votes for the position and believes that Miller initiated the meeting.\""
"7903" "\"About 50 parents and siblings sat in the bleachers. Some were relaxed, sitting with outstretched legs. Others leaned forward, intently watching as their sons played.\""
"7904" "\"-- Buy local ingredients as often as possible, which means less fuel has been used to transport food items. Also, eat responsibly: Buy organic and hormone-free meat, poultry and wild fish when possible.\""
"7905" "\"And the Wildcats come into Sun Devil Stadium and beat an ASU team that had the Pac-12 South championship in its sights and was playing for Dennis Erickson's job?\""
"7906" "\"Watching the surf crash into the pier is always a dramatic image. Its power is so inspiring that it makes me wonder why we're not harnessing it!\""
"7907" "\"\\"It's got all the minimum essential benefits in it,\\" he added. \\"It's got to have wellness, preventive, contraceptives — all kinds of things a 30-year old would never need. It's not remotely catastrophic.\\"\""
"7908" "\"Compensation that fiscal year for top executives at BCS bowls ranged from $282,195 to $673,888, averaging $514,100.\""
"7909" "\"Long before he signed the deficit reduction letter, LaTourette, along with every other GOP member of Congress from Ohio, signed a \\"taxpayer protection pledge\\" sponsored by Norquist's group, Americans for Tax Reform.\""
"7910" "\"Three downtown Sayulita beach locations to have your ceremony include the Casa del Mar at the turtle sanctuary, Don Pedro’s restaurant and the Terrazola Restaurant. If you’d like to get off of the main strip, the Playa Los Muertos in the south part of town offers a tranquil, secluded location for a wedding ceremony.\""
"7911" "\"Jason W. Delong, 35, of the 100 block of Morris Avenue in Fawn Grove, Pa., was charged Saturday with second-degree assault.\""
"7912" "\"The court punts: The Supremes have the option of declaring that a certain feature of the law is a tax, and because the tax wouldn’t kick in until 2015, they can’t rule on its constitutionality until then. This would be worse for Obama than if the law is upheld in its entirety, because it would keep alive the question of whether the bill is constitutional. But the politics would be the same as the law’s being upheld, with ObamaCare moving center stage in the election.\""
"7913" "\"\\"The court had already upheld our claim of state equal protection,\\" Goldstein said. \\"So now our case will be heard on both state and federal constitutional grounds. It’s a happy day as we pursue all roads to justice, marriage equality in the courts and marriage equality via an override in the state legislature.\\"\""
"7914" "\"Siaosi Namomo, 19, of Oakland, said he was under the care of child protective agencies from infancy until the time he was \\"aged out\\" of the system at 18, spending his entire childhood being shuttled among an endless number of foster homes around the state.\""
"7915" "\"Heidi asks who was the weakest link, and Joshua says it was Becky. Becky says she made the skirt three times and got no feedback from anybody about it. Kimberly also thinks Becky's look was the least styled and was more simple. It's a difference in aesthetics, she says.\""
"7916" "\"A number of other residents lamented what could have been done with $30 million. Ellie Shank, 65, said the city had closed its pool and needed road improvements.\""
"7917" "\"No \\"showrooming\\": One of the bugbears of brick-and-mortar businesses, big and small, is the unfair playing field on which Amazon.com continues to play.\""
"7918" "\"The three candidates repeated previous talking points on how they would deal with the state budget and an anticipated $1.1 billion shortfall in the 2011-12 fiscal year, which begins in July 2011.\""
"7919" "\"Below are the all-time conference and overall records:\""
"7920" "\"The officers thought they were responding to a domestic disturbance when they got the call, just after midnight. But it turned into a larceny, with one of the officers as the unsuspecting victim.\""
"7921" "\"But if Roy does handle the ball more, like he did in 2008-09, it will be an adjustment for Miller, an accomplished 11-year veteran who prides himself on being a distributor. Miller and Roy make up the Blazers' starting backcourt.\""
"7922" "\"The thing is, Oregon’s ‘twos’ get more practice time than would be typical – both on offense and defense – because the pace is so frenetic.\""
"7923" "\"Will County State's Attorney spokesman Chuck Pelkie said the case against Wdowikowski is complex and investigators gathered information for \\"quite a long period of time\\" - explaining the 1-1/2-year delay in filing charges.\""
"7924" "\"Strangely, though, Mickelson is one of the few players who thrives on competition with Woods. He did next to nothing the tail end of 2008 when Woods was out with knee surgery, and didn't win on the PGA Tour until the week Woods announced his return.\""
"7925" "\"We don't know how long he was there.\""
"7926" "\"The engine is also one of the highlights of the Azera; power is smoothly modulated and is more than enough for a car this size, with zero to 60 mph coming in 6.6 seconds, according to Motor Trend.\""
"7927" "\"Yes. Siegel always said it was a hot summer night, and he couldn't sleep, and by the morning he had the Superman story. I love that story. I don't know if I believe it.\""
"7928" "\"Shelve this one under a category that should be named ''bouquet memoirs.''\""
"7929" "\"When Maria Soto, 60, moved into the neighborhood 14 years ago, she learned the best thing she could do was mind her business.\""
"7930" "\"For many years, the couple has had a cocktail hour ritual. While White cooks, Smith surprises her with a drink — a margarita, a martini, whatever. He used to give her the cocktail to sip while preparing dinner and then retreat to the computer. But White recently asked him to stay with her in the kitchen.\""
"7931" "\"In theory, the district spurs investment and construction, and when the district expires, the land inside is more valuable than it would have been.\""
"7932" "\"But we're far past the point where middle- or lower-income students can reasonably work their way through our public universities without assuming an unreasonable debt burden.\""
"7933" "\"That's the issue that needs to be discussed as we make the transition into a new form of government -- with an executive and county council -- in the coming year.\""
"7934" "\"Assemblyman Joseph Malone (R-Burlington) described the Democrats’ chances as \\"less than zero,\\" and Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak said state has been taxed enough.\""
"7935" "\"But for now, his office will continue to work to connect what it regards as strong charter school organizers with strong sponsors, hoping better schools come on line.\""
"7936" "\"It opens with a shot across the bow at Cordray's Republican foe Mike DeWine as a female narrator intones: \\"For years Washington insiders have torn apart our country\\" as DeWine's picture flashes on the screen with a graphic detailing his time in Congress.\""
"7937" "\"For Klech too, who was behind Utah State’s Nick Karren coming off the turn. But on the home straight, Klech was gaining with every stride.\""
"7938" "\"At times, when homicides soared to 400 a year and above in the last decade, detectives were responsible for as many as 14 cases a year.\""
"7939" "\"OREGON CITY -- A gunman lay in wait today for a man getting ready to leave for work, then burst into his mobile home and stole medical marijuana grown for the man's wife, who has terminal cancer.\""
"7940" "\"L.A. stadiums available\""
"7941" "\"So what took so long to get to this point? Well, the cracked main detected in November runs beneath three other waterlines and ducts filled with electric, phone and cable wires. Officials told Road Rant it took time -- a lot of it, obviously -- to devise a fix-it plan that didn't disrupt utility service to the East Ninth corridor and completely close the intersection.\""
"7942" "\"That means people with permits can pack concealed guns, said Di Saunders, spokeswoman for the university system.\""
"7943" "\"Then, Dickson dispatches the smart cop and his none-too-swift partner back to high school. Because of a clerical error, Schmidt finds himself in the drama department and Jenko with the chemistry nerds. Given the changes in high school culture, the qualities that made Schmidt an outsider when he was a senior now admit him to the in crowd. Alas for Jenko, meatheadedness is so 2005.\""
"7944" "\"With that big, red target painted on its back, the app promptly flopped, unleashing all sorts of gleeful bashing.\""
"7945" "\"($1 = 0.6205 British pounds)\""
"7946" "\"Cleveland, which used to be almost exclusively dominated by proscenium theaters (traditional venues where the audience sits in one room and looks through an invisible \\"fourth wall\\" to see the performance in a separate space) will now have a panoply of theater layouts.\""
"7947" "\"Five women who expanded the horizon for women in rock, according to Hopper\""
"7948" "\"And it's not just business majors, said Peter Rea, chairman of entrepreneurial studies at Baldwin-Wallace College.\""
"7949" "\"The harbor bacteria map is the first major project for Meyers, who took over last month as the Harbor Waterkeeper. The harbor's first keeper, Eliza Smith Steinmeier, stepped down after five years to focus on her family.\""
"7950" "\"Most courageous. During its annual Final Four breakfast on Monday, the U.S. Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) handed out several awards. As usual, the most moving was the most courageous award that this year went to Florida State's Bernard James.\""
"7951" "\"Does one congratulate the friend because she's going to be a grandmother? Does one show concern over the predicament?\""
"7952" "\"\\"We make decisions every day,\\" Rothwell said. \\"If you want to see change in the world -- you be that change.\\"\""
"7953" "\"She also gave $1 million to Doctors Without Borders to assist with helping Haiti following an earthquake in 2010.\""
"7954" "\"But Chris Bridges is dead serious about his acting career, and if you think otherwise, well, you're just being ludicrous.\""
"7955" "\"The woman, whose identity is being withheld pending notification of next of kin, is described only as a 51-year-old Long Beach resident.\""
"7956" "\"I found it interesting that you phoned CheapOair twice to \\"make sure\\" the transaction went through. Your tickets cost $2,261, which is no small sum. If you had continued to monitor your credit card transactions, you would have probably noticed that the amount wasn't deducted from your account, and you might have been able to catch this error last summer.\""
"7957" "\"But his career really started when he was about 4.\""
"7958" "\"The Oregonian News Network: Yes, there are a ton of people up there doing their own neighborhood news sites. These folks cover breaking news and are often the first media responders to house fires and things like that. It’s very different here in Oregon. There are very few people doing that here. The ‘why’ is probably less important than just figuring out how to work with local folks and support their vision. We want to shape a program that is unique to Oregon and the Portland Metro area.\""
"7959" "\"God is not lost and does not need to be found. God is in the bare bark of a tree in the dead cold of winter. He is also in the bud of the flower in the spring. I believe God is everywhere, even where he may not be acknowledged as God. There is great diversity of religion and many approaches to faith in Cleveland, and God is not confined to just one or two of any of them.\""
"7960" "\"Deputy Dave Zahn and Cadet Eric Banick arrived to find a crowd surrounding two citizens who were administering life saving measures to the young man. Deputies learned that the victim was unconscious when pulled from the water.\""
"7961" "\"I knew nothing.\""
"7962" "\"Two days before the party\""
"7963" "\"\\"I won't represent two guys at the same position,\\" Smith said. \\"We're looking for fits, guys who think like we do, real tough, really high-character-type kids. Leaders and team captains.\\"\""
"7964" "\"Board member Teri Oelrich said that while she understands the financial troubles, she is eager for the district to explore ideas that could spare Bryant. At one point, she asked Finance Director Stuart Ketzler if they had modeled other options that could avoid closing Byrant by redrawing district boundaries; he said the committee had not.\""
"7965" "\"øTeam president Geoff Molson pointed out that Bergevin, 46, was born in Montreal, played 20 seasons in the NHL, and served as a former scouting director, assistant coach and assistant GM.\""
"7966" "\"Both parking claims are coming from companies controlled by the Morgan Stanley financial services firm. Partnerships assembled by the Wall Street giant hold a 99 percent stake in Chicago Loop Parking LLC and a 50.1 percent interest in Chicago Parking Meters LLC, city records show.\""
"7967" "\"\\"That's why with the advent of the Art Center school, we generated to some degree considerable interest in more experimental approaches to painting and drawing and things of that nature.\\"\""
"7968" "\"Q: We have a 2-year-old, expensive pineapple palm that is suddenly failing, and its branches are getting dry. Any advice? We water it three times a week for 30 minutes, and we sometimes use the hose.\""
"7969" "\"Construction crews are putting the finishing touches on two bars. One, on the second floor of the hotel, is the Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails bar, where Palomar guests will be invited to a \\"Wines of the World\\" hour at 5 p.m. daily. Room service also is available 24 hours a day.\""
"7970" "\"\\"I wanted to be able to do both,\\" he said. \\"I liked the football program, and they offered a track scholarship. I was able to do both. It fit.\\"\""
"7971" "\"øMarch 7\""
"7972" "\"At the same time, the agency predicts that production increases will be small or even decline in non-OPEC countries. And OPEC's reserve capacity - extra oil that it could produce in an emergency - will get smaller, opening the door to periodic price spikes.\""
"7973" "\"Memphis' CIT model, one that Portland police built their crisis intervention training program after in 1994, has been hailed as a success.\""
"7974" "\"The room looks like something special. The greeting is friendly. The wine is more than worthwhile. After that, the only benefit here for discerning diners is to know that when they've eaten at La Provence, they have, indeed, hit bottom.\""
"7975" "\"His success speaks to the persistence of the area's car thieves and the frustrating frequency of auto thefts, especially in the city. \\"Somebody has to fix them,\\" Fitzgibbons, 49, said on a recent morning when the phone wouldn't stop ringing at Fitz'z Service,\""
"7976" "\"And there are other points of disagreement between the GOP-controlled House and Democratic-controlled Senate, including how to pay for transportation programs and how much leverage the federal government should have over how states spend their aid money. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood has said it's unlikely Congress will pass a final bill until after the November elections.\""
"7977" "\"Written by Portlander Brent Rogers with his Texas-based brother, Klay, it feels like its aimed for audiences more willing to embrace the redneck cliches that permeate its characters. (Whether Southern audiences would be more or less forgiving of garage denizens such as the Hispanic who wants to teach people to cha cha or the black ex-con who makes Katt Williams look like Sidney Poitier, I cannot guess.)\""
"7978" "\"\\"This is beautiful,\\" said Fudge, a Newark resident and English major. \\"It's just an element to add to the memory.\\"\""
"7979" "\"In May, the St. Charles County Council - charging that the federal government was not enforcing immigration statutes - overwhelmingly approved a nonbinding resolution endorsing Arizona's tough immigration law and calling on Missouri's legislators to adopt a similar measure.\""
"7980" "\"Among parts of MU's identity that became self-evident were its resilience and ability to adapt as it was riddled with more injuries than Pinkel could ever recall encountering and also had to break in a new quarterback.\""
"7981" "\"Referred to as Nonnie by his family, Dizon was born on July 22, 1987, in Santa Ana. He grew up in Tustin and graduated from Tustin High School in 2005.\""
"7982" "\"\\"It was so successful, and the women had so much fun that I decided to try it with my MS support group,\\" she said.\""
"7983" "\"Audubon Society of Portland's annual volunteer banquet, \\"Our Volunteers are the Heart of Audubon,\\" drew 140 people to NW Natural Gas on April 27. Deanna Sawtelle, volunteer coordinator, was event chairwoman. The society's mission is \\"to inspire people and protect nature.\\"\""
"7984" "\"When the weather is warmer, Drouin cranks up his sno ball machine. That’s New Orleans-speak for snow cones.\""
"7985" "\"The men of the Lady Mary were not the only New Jersey fishermen who died last year. On Nov. 11, 2009, just days after the Coast Guard announced it was stepping up inspections of safety equipment aboard commercial fishing vessels, the 44-foot scalloper Sea Tractor sank in a storm off Cape May. Three men, including a father and son, were lost.\""
"7986" "\"\\"I think this is going to be a division that comes down to those three teams barring something crazy, and that team that probably ends up winning will probably end up having a couple guys have really big seasons,\\" Holliday said. \\"That's not a surprise. It's just hard to predict at game No. 8 or No. 10 who that will be.\\"\""
"7987" "\"Jurors started deliberating Beldini’s fate on Tuesday and were told to stay home yesterday.\""
"7988" "\"Jen Brumfield has been chronicling the gull's amazing two-month stay on her blog, northnw.wordpress.com where she warns: \\"Some days views are distant, and other days, the gull has been seen and photographed point blank from 100 to 400 yards away. Searchers should allow for several hours of searching. This bird is not a quick one-stop shot.\\"\""
"7989" "\"“He hit that ball really hard,” said Worley. “I was pumped to see him get it. I wasn’t sure what he was going to do with it.\""
"7990" "\"\\"This is not about us versus the police,\\" he said. \\"Getting arrested makes it about us. They are part of the 99 percent just as much.\\"\""
"7991" "\"The memo indicated more reductions are possible. \\"Even with these reductions, we will still have uncertainty around future Medicaid and Medicare reductions that may influence our actual budget gap,\\" Brown wrote.\""
"7992" "\"Coppola said the course fills a need that will grow as baby boomers age, as people live longer and as technology becomes more prevalent in such everyday matters as shopping and communication.\""
"7993" "\"The standout design is called “nesl.” It’s a two-inch-square platform of soft silicone rubber with nine small, soft, rounded, cylindrical fingers extending upward to hold paper clips, business cards, pens, cell phones or anything else you’d stick in one.\""
"7994" "\"As he has for years, DiVincenzo said lawmakers must tackle runaway pension and health-care costs lest they bankrupt both the state and local governments.\""
"7995" "\"“We want to apologize to the American public for recent decisions that cast doubt upon our commitment to saving women’s lives,” it said in a groveling statement. “We will continue to fund existing grants, including those of Planned Parenthood.”\""
"7996" "\"Dwek, whose father is a rabbi, was laundering money through Ben Haim as early as June 2007, beginning with a $50,000 check he claimed came from an insurance scam in Florida. The rabbi said he charged 10 percent for each transaction and worked with a man in Israel who supplied him with money to cash checks.\""
"7997" "\"Not to miss: Clark is particularly adept at roasting thick cuts of meat in the restaurant's tandoori oven, but much of the menu wanders with the seasons and days. Recently, smashed turnips, plump asparagus and vinegary rapini shined alongside a fat pork chop topped with rhubarb mostarda; plump mounds of bright green Castelvetrano olives adorned a wonderfully oily margherita pizza; and those addictive clams were tossed, as usual, with garlic, roasted red peppers and chopped parsley.\""
"7998" "\"The new album, which was recorded in the band's new solar-powered recording studio, will be released Jan. 11.\""
"7999" "\"Cost: $700, family; $425 single.\""
"8000" "\"Two men were given life sentences Tuesday for their roles in the May 2010 kidnapping and rape of a woman who was stranded in downtown Baltimore and seeking help, prosecutors said.\""
"8001" "\"Last year, the Dow rose 5.5 percent. But strip out IBM and McDonald's, the two stocks with the highest prices last year, and it rose just 1.8 percent, according to calculations by Birinyi.\""
"8002" "\"The soiree, co-chaired by Joseph M. Antunovich and 2009 award recipient Richard Driehaus, attracted more than 400 guests, including such notable names as Abbott CEO Miles White, WTTW-Channel 11's resident architecture guru Geoffrey Baer, Ariel Investments' Mellody Hobson and auctioneer Leslie Hindman. Partygoers began the evening with cocktails, followed by dinner and the awards program that annually gives prizes to those who have made long-standing contributions to the civic, corporate and cultural landscape of Chicago.\""
"8003" "\"But other projects, specifically three in Hamilton, have drawn fierce opposition from neighbors and environmental groups reluctant to see large swaths of open space turned into small power plants.\""
"8004" "\"The goal of that measure was to dramatically alter the Legislature by leading to the election of more centrists.\""
"8005" "\"Simpson isn't the only wide receiver visiting Rams Park this week. Jerricho Cotchery, most recently with Pittsburgh, also was scheduled to arrive Tuesday for a visit that will conclude today. Cotchery, 29, averaged 67 catches for 841 yards over a five-year period with the New York Jets (2006-10), a period in which current Rams offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer ran the Jets' offense.\""
"8006" "\"“We still do not have a firm reading on where the economy is going,” Perciak said.\""
"8007" "\"Apparently, the intersection of Altair Drive and Pitman-Downer Road (a Gloucester County road) has not experienced enough major accidents to have caused the county to make some changes. Perhaps, after Nikki’s death, the county will be willing, at least, to make that intersection a four-way stop if a traffic light is not possible.\""
"8008" "\"In fact, the provision, which takes effect next March, grew from Plymouth's refusal last summer to allow a DNR-certified instructor to use that city's range. The Plymouth instructor who was turned away contacted Rep. Tom Hackbarth, R-Cedar, who heard the complaint and turned it into legislation.\""
"8009" "\"Michael Lefkove, a Reynolds Plantation resident, said in an email the reaction among members he’s talked to about the deal with MetLife and Daniel “has been universally positive.”\""
"8010" "\"Five Corners, 678 Newark Ave., Jersey City, will offer the Kinship Caregiver Support Group in conjunction with the Kinship Navigator Program on the third Wednesday of every month from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Conference Room. Kinship caregivers are people who have taken on the responsibility of caring for their relatives’ children. These children might be the caregiver’s siblings, nieces, nephews, or, most often, grandchildren. The program is free. For more information, call the branch library at (201) 547-4543.\""
"8011" "\"Chandler Parsons scored a career-high 23 for Houston, which led by as many as 13 in the first half. Parsons tied the game at 83 with a layup late in the fourth, before James' 3-pointer sparked an 8-0 run that put Miami in control.\""
"8012" "\"Since Armando is played by Will Ferrell, the over-the-top line is played as over-the-top as you would expect - brow furrowed, eyes looking dramatically at the horizon. And since \\"Casa de mi Padre\\" is a Spanish language comedy, a broad spoof of Mexican melodramas and \\"telenovelas\\" (soap operas), Senor Ferrell performs the line, as he does all his lines, in Spanish.\""
"8013" "\"Who: Burgerville president and chief executive officer\""
"8014" "\"A rather different message has emerged from the Republican presidential contest. \\"This president is attacking religion, and is putting in place a secular agenda that our forefounders would not recognize,\\" his likely Republican challenger, Mitt Romney, has said.\""
"8015" "\"Finally, although some private plans are expensive, there may be a high-deductible private policy that would at least cover the large insurance bills that might be incurred through an extended medical situation, even if you had to pay for routine care out-of-pocket, Nord said.\""
"8016" "\"Initially, 63 percent of boomers in the poll dismissed the idea of raising the eligibility age to keep Medicare afloat financially. But when the survey forced them to choose between raising the age or cutting benefits, 59 percent said raise the age and keep the benefits.\""
"8017" "\"\\"We're going to turn this crisis into an opportunity.\\"\""
"8018" "\"øA community man\""
"8019" "\"Kelley, a former Parma school board member and high-ranking county official, is a key federal witness because he was in Dimora's inner circle, known as the \\"A Team.\\"\""
"8020" "\"Employees and company officials at CDS Global, a Des Moines-based subsidiary of Hearst Corp., kicked off a yearlong celebration of its 40th anniversary last week.\""
"8021" "\"The Infrastructure Trust that will pave the way for five financing giants to bankroll $1.7 billion in \\"transformative\\" projects was preemptively deferred by two mayoral allies.\""
"8022" "\"This is the first time Lambert has won the award. Lambert received more awards than any other airport today.\""
"8023" "\"Cops first believe the girl is the victim of a serial killer, but the dynamics of their investigation change when they discover that Kari is an ex-con who was raped by her father and has a long rap sheet for crimes that include prostitution.\""
"8024" "\"The restaurant's name stands for \\"crab\\" in Cajun language, Shawn said.\""
"8025" "\"A typical sanction for violating the no-politics prohibition in this manner is a warning to knock it off, and Kucinich indeed knocked it off, although the email was already circulating by then.\""
"8026" "\"As of Monday, and thanks to a couple of steel bars, the structure that will replace the twin towers holds the distinction of being the highest structure in the five boroughs of New York City. Eventually, it will be the tallest building in the U.S.\""
"8027" "\"\\"As we have done before,\\" the memo said, \\"we will try to avoid layoffs by reducing the size of the company over time through attrition.\\"\""
"8028" "\"Republicans also would cut taxes for the nation's wealthiest earners, the White House adds, and Obama on Wednesday will note that contrast.\""
"8029" "\"It can get monotonous and, yes, boring.\""
"8030" "\"Raven and crow mentalities are different. Ravens are intuitive problem solvers: Heinrich's subjects inferred, without trial and error, how to retrieve a salami chunk dangling out of reach from the only perch in the room. (How would you do it?) Ravens also track wolves and human hunters for a share of their catch. They toboggan down snowbanks on their backs and air-surf cliff-side updrafts, apparently for fun.\""
"8031" "\"The son of a colonel in the U.S. Army, Thompson missed a crucial football recruiting period last spring to be with his family in South Korea, where his father was stationed. After about six months overseas, Thompson returned to Virginia and earned his first scholarship offer from Maryland, which he accepted soon after. As a senior, Thompson made 75 tackles (35 solo), including five sacks and 2.5 tackles for loss. He also contributed two interceptions (one returned for a touchdown), one forced fumble and one fumble recovery. \\"He’s an extremely solid competitor,\\" said Grassfield coach Martin Asprey. \\"He doesn’t like to fail. ... He’s got great range, he can run very fast and he’s got the height, too.\\"\""
"8032" "\"Olli Rehn, the EU's monetary affairs chief, said the recession is likely to be mild and short-lived.\""
"8033" "\"These days, the Comfort Inn -- East 18th Street and Euclid Avenue, Cleveland -- is just another clean hotel.\""
"8034" "\"The good: As a fitness tracker, the Nike+ FuelBand offers a simple, attractive design that stays out of the way during most physical activities. Its pedometer tracks steps taken, calories burned and a proprietary measurement of activity called NikeFuel. The accompanying iOS app and Nike+ website offer great motivational tricks too.\""
"8035" "\"\\"We've spent over 12 years building our reputation, brand and trust with our customers,\\" CEO Tony Hsieh said in a blog statement. \\"It's painful to see us take so many steps back due to a single incident.\\"\""
"8036" "\"Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak suggested the CWA take a different approach.\""
"8037" "\"Meanwhile, credit ratings agency Fitch Ratings put Avon on rating watch negative. Fitch said in a statement that if the deal goes through and is financed with significant amounts of debt the combined company's credit protection measures would not be in Avon's current rating category. Avon's senior unsecured debt is currently rated \\"BBB-,\\" the lowest investment-grade rating.\""
"8038" "\"“I say to these people, ‘Thank you very much for supporting me,’” Mosop said. “They helped me very much.”\""
"8039" "\"That's the real cost of one bad move when using a cell phone behind the wheel: human life.\""
"8040" "\"The first suspect is described as a man in his early to mid 30s about 5-foot-8 and 160 pounds, police said. The second is a man in his late 50s or early 60s, about 6-foot and 180 pounds.\""
"8041" "\"Now, each morning I read headlines about the Tibetan lockdown by the Chinese. The other day, I bought vegetables from a Tibetan exile who lives on Long Island. What a terrible thing is happening in Tibet, I said. \\"Yes,\\" he replied, \\"but it is making everyone aware of what is going on, so this is a good thing.\\"\""
"8042" "\"Lungren spoke to me about his vision for campaign finance law. He offers a free market and deregulated approach to campaign money, with a few twists. It's a vision that advocates of campaign finance reform would oppose.\""
"8043" "\"\\"I'm sorry to interrupt you after your second sentence,\\" she said.\""
"8044" "\"Since then, he said, the new air quality information has come in and the state has reasserted its primacy in oil and gas regulation. But Ogg said that doesn't mean the industry should be given a carte blanche going forward.\""
"8045" "\"A: I own a few horses, so I like to do things with horse racing. I have horses in Europe, Dubai and South Africa.\""
"8046" "\"øNote: Andrea Kay's columns have moved. Catch her weekly At Work columns at 1 p.m. Saturdays starting now.\""
"8047" "\"\\"Let me be clear: The chance for middle-class taxpayers and seniors to receive double the property tax relief without raising taxes on anyone else is solely up to you, the Legislature,\\" Christie said during his budget speech.\""
"8048" "\"TUALATIN -- Kyle Singler has shown that he can swish a jump shot from one side of a college swimming pool to the other after leaping from the high dive. He's proven that he can sink shots from the rafters inside Cameron Indoor Stadium.\""
"8049" "\"Uriel is a difficult man in his own way — he likes telling students that their work has things in it that are new and correct, \\"only the new things are not correct and the correct things are not new\\" — but, in conversations with both his wife, Dikla (Alma Zak), and his long-suffering mother, Yehudit (Alisa Rosen), it's clear that he cares more about the father-son relationship than the older man does.\""
"8050" "\"Busch, which is enjoying a double-digit attendance increase this year thanks to its new $40-millon Cheetah Hunt ride, is pouring about $3-million into the new ice show in the park's 1,000 seat theater which is equipped to simulate rainstorms and snow.\""
"8051" "\"\\"Every corner you come to you think is the end but it's not,\\" Walden said. \\"It just kind of keeps going and going and going. If you poop out before the end of the ride or toward the bottom you push too hard, you're not going to make it up the last climb. I've done it hundreds of times and I always save all my energy for the last little bit.\\"\""
"8052" "\"And he would have to hire and pay a lawyer to get it.\""
"8053" "\"Aldridge hit 9 of 10 shots, and led the Blazers with 20 points and 11 rebounds. Gerald Wallace, in his second start with the Blazers, was a bundle of energy, finishing with 17 points, six rebounds, six assists, two blocked shots and two steals. And Wesley Matthews hit four three-pointers and joined Batum with 14 points.\""
"8054" "\"The investigators cited \\"an extravagant conference\\" hosted by Farmer that cost Kentucky taxpayers more than $96,000. They said Farmer directed his staff to order lavish gifts, including rifles, cigar boxes and watches for the conference.\""
"8055" "\"They especially like Jerome's slower pace (their kids once dubbed it Jerome Stranded Time), the sweeping views of the Verde Valley to Sedona and the eclectic mix of people who call it home.\""
"8056" "\"Each candidate has strength in a key area of concern to the state. Meieran, an emergency-room doctor who worked as an attorney before going to medical school, offers first-hand experience with health care. Williamson, an attorney and lobbyist who has worked in high-level positions for the state Department of Education and Portland State, brings a nuanced grasp of education issues.\""
"8057" "\"Sheldon Silver of Manhattan is entering his 18th year as speaker of the state Assembly, a position in which he has proven that, in politics as in physics, nature abhors a vacuum.\""
"8058" "\"Justin, 21 months older, also had an impact. The brothers squabbled and made up constantly, and they played on all the same teams.\""
"8059" "\"\\"They don't believe their participation can change anything,\\" Tokar said. \\"My mother joined me at a protest rally last December, but this time she said, 'It is all useless.' People don't have a real fighting spirit nowadays and they so easily lose hope.\\"\""
"8060" "\"The well-attended ceremony April 12 held on Mabury Road south of the future Berryessa BART Station drew federal, state and local officials.\""
"8061" "\"The incumbent: Anthony Brancatelli has held the seat since 2005.\""
"8062" "\"Seattle joins several other cities in passing a boycott of the state in response to the law. Boston; New York City; Los Angeles; Oakland, Calif.; West Hollywood, Calif.; and San Diego have passed similar resolutions condemning the law and promising to spend less money in the state. San Francisco; St. Paul, Minn.; and Denver's school systems have banned employee travel to Arizona using public funds.\""
"8063" "\"With just 2:30 left in the game, the Vikings defense finally let up on an eight-play drive that culminated in a 29-yard touchdown pass from Ferranola to Phillip Ojo to give MSIT a 12-8 lead. The South Shore offense responded just three plays and 31 seconds later on a touchdown by Cohen on a 26-yard pass from Jeffrey to draw the Vikings even at 14.\""
"8064" "\"at Houston 109, Golden State 83: Goran Dragic had 17 points and nine assists, rookie Chandler Parsons had 20 points and a career-high 11 rebounds, and the Rockets beat the Warriors. Luis Scola scored 18 and Samuel Dalembert had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Rockets, who dominated the Warriors inside, outrebounding Golden State, 48-31, and scoring 58 points in the paint.\""
"8065" "\"22825 SW 94th Ter; 1,591 square feet; on 8/22/2011 for $211,000\""
"8066" "\"Indiana Democratic Party Chairman Dan Parker said the party's lack of involvement in the primary race shouldn't be read as disinterest.\""
"8067" "\"\\"The enormous success we've achieved over the past seven years was made possible by the people of St. Louis, and we've been blessed in ways we never could have imagined,\\" the statement read. \\"We will continue to support people and families with Down syndrome in the St. Louis area and carry on our mission of Faith, Family and Others.\\"\""
"8068" "\"Instead it was a called strike three. A bat chucked with a forceful throw to the ground. A tossed helmet. And a second loss on the day.\""
"8069" "\"Cougars 6, Captains 5 Lake County rallied for five runs in the ninth but fell short in the Midwest League game in Geneva, Ill.\""
"8070" "\"Wednesday, Atlanta Superintendent Beverly Hall said the new findings do not prove scores were falsified. The district will investigate, she said.\""
"8071" "\"\\"We like to see a rising tide that lifts all boats,\\" he said. \\"This is a tide that lifts a few boats.\\"\""
"8072" "\"The Rock Hall and OIFF team up for a benefit screening of the documentary \\"Chasin' Gus' Ghost\\" on Friday, May 9. OIFF board member Todd Kwait directed the documentary to trace the history of jug-band music through interviews and archival footage.\""
"8073" "\"Yet Santorum and Gingrich continue to run, forcing Romney to spend money to defeat them he might more usefully spend to defeat President Obama. Why?\""
"8074" "\"Pritchard will draft, because it's what he does best. After that, it's anyone's guess. Theories range from Pritchard not lasting the postdraft week to him making, maybe, one more season. Maybe Allen will come to his senses, or maybe he won't.\""
"8075" "\"Justice delayed is not preferable, but it is clearly better than justice forever denied.\""
"8076" "\"Now he’s just happy to experience a Super Bowl back home.\""
"8077" "\"When he let her go to the bathroom, she saw a body wrapped in plastic. It had no head.\""
"8078" "\"Like any innovation, I’m sure I’ll get the hang of it. But I hope those nice young techies who patiently explained things to me realized they’re dealing with someone who actually once used a rotary telephone and a typewriter.\""
"8079" "\"“It’s the consistency. It’s the details. Sometimes it’s just want-to.”\""
"8080" "\"Activists said Tuesday that the Assad regime hasn't withdrawn its forces to their barracks and allowed peaceful protests as it had pledged to do in the cease-fire agreement.\""
"8081" "\"Q: We recently reported on the boom that's under way in the construction of mostly public scientific research buildings in San Diego County. Will the growth that you're talking about on the private side result in a similar boom?\""
"8082" "\"\\"We stunt so much that we might give up some plays, but then, all of a sudden, we get a big play,\\" Small said. \\"Coach (Mark) Nicholas, our defensive coordinator, has done a great job of putting that 3-5 together and we've been working on it all year.\\"\""
"8083" "\"\\"We usually swing the bats pretty good,\\" he said. \\"When we play the way we are capable, we can beat anyone.\\"\""
"8084" "\"\\"It's actually not so bad,\\" he said with a big smile. \\"A second skin, right?\\"\""
"8085" "\"Consider packing just one carry-on-size bag (9-by-22-by-14 inches) and sharing an extra bag with your travel partner. I know — realistically, you'll be tempted to bring more. But cruising with limited luggage can be done without adversely impacting your trip; I've done it, and was happy I did. Pack one bag each, as if traveling alone, then share the third bag for bulky cruise extras (such as formal wear). If traveling before or after the cruise, you can store that third, nonessential bag at a friendly hotel or in a train-station luggage locker.\""
"8086" "\"But, there are boundaries. And he doesn’t let everyone in, as an ESPN television crew would soon find out.\""
"8087" "\"Raising class sizes. Cutting school days. Deferring step increases for teachers. Ending beloved programs.\""
"8088" "\"But a Team NEO spokeswoman said the regional economic development agency is deferring to state development officials in Columbus.\""
"8089" "\"\\"DRAMATIC\\" PHILANTHROPIC INFLUENCE\""
"8090" "\"\\"There's no question, every year you grow up like a person, you grow up like a player,\\" Iglesias said. \\"Same thing with hitting. Every year, you learn something. You know yourself a little better year to year. I'm very happy with my approach at the plate.\\"\""
"8091" "\"He said there is one shelter that will open today at 6 p.m. at Lord Stirling School, but \\"we have 45 other shelters we can open on a need basis.\\"\""
"8092" "\"At some point, Lin’s hot streak will come to an end just as it does for any stock that’s been on a growth spurt. Then it may be time to share another stock market revelation or two with your kids — on the risks and rewards of investing, and how past results are not indicative of future performance.\""
"8093" "\"Those expenses range from McAteer's salary - which surged from $130,300 in 2006 to $230,659 by 2008 - to cellphones, computers, technical support and salaries for other staff, including a secretary in McAteer's private law office.\""
"8094" "\"\\"Four years later they've come to accept it,\\" said Mr. Louagie, who said the Y now sells towels for $2.\""
"8095" "\"A phone call to Castro's home in Murrieta was answered by his mother, who said the family would not discuss his recruitment.\""
"8096" "\"One customer gave an impassioned speech about shopping locally and supporting small businesses that treat their customers and employees well.\""
"8097" "\"Louis C. Satterfield and his wife, Emilia, paid cash for a six-bedroom, nine-bath, 8,202-square-foot Tuscan estate at Bret Hills in Paradise Valley. The spacious floor plan includes a formal living room, dining room, a grand kitchen open to the family room and eating area and a theater room. The family room, game room and eating area all open to the back courtyard and spectacular mountain views as well as a dramatic swimming pool with a reverse negative-edge water feature and spa. Louis \\"Cliff\\" Satterfield founded Air Energy Systems (now AES Clean Technology Inc. ) in 1986 in Montgomeryville, Pa.\""
"8098" "\"Concussions, according to the Mayo Clinic, occur when the brain is damaged, usually by something like a blow to the head, or even a violent shaking of the head and upper body.\""
"8099" "\"\\"Of course members of the cartels will come. When I first started promoting, there were mafia families at Madison Square Garden,\\" Arum said. \\"It would seem like a good place to arrest them.\\"\""
"8100" "\"The woman inside the house, who had been asleep on the couch, was probably killed instantly, Trent said.\""
"8101" "\"Becky Mink arrives at the Country Store cradling 6-week-old Cecilia with one arm. With the other hand she grabs a few of the new sammiches from the freezer. She pays for them at the register and then leads Clara, 2, and Gus, 5, to the porch steps outside to eat their treat.\""
"8102" "\"Maraziti said the improvement projects involve upgrading the bio-solids facility that handles sludge, and repairing an interceptor sewer pipe built in the 1970s that runs 14 miles from Wharton to Parsippany. “Part of it has disintegrated,” he said.\""
"8103" "\"But between those high points came a big-time low for the Bulls as the Hawks snatched Game 1 in Chicago, winning 103-93. Making things worse, Rose tweaked his already ailing left ankle with seconds left and Atlanta dribbling out the clock. An X-ray was negative, and there are no plans for an MRI, with Rose listed as day-to-day.\""
"8104" "\"Alcoa is seen as a bellwether for earnings season because it is the first company among the 30 that make up the Dow industrials to report earnings. Alcoa rose 69 cents to $12.89.\""
"8105" "\"øStill, the trend isn't just about women trying to manage children and professional demands. The survey found that only 15% say that household or child care responsibilities have held them back in their careers. Interestingly, while 62% of women with children say they would take more free time over more money, a larger number of single women - 68% - say they would.\""
"8106" "\"\\"It's a little hard to say,\\" Veirs says. \\"If you took an African child in Mali who heard music of that area and brought them to the States in a different cultural context, would they forget the original music or go forward with that in their heart? My impression is that the first music goes in and informs and makes an impression. There's so much to be learned through music at a young age. I watch my child, at 2, learning rhythm and words. He can say, ‘Mexico,' because we sing ‘Jamaica Farewell' to him - ‘I've been from Maine to Mexico' - and he always jumps in to say, ‘Mexico!' \\"\""
"8107" "\"Instead, the Cavs are preparing a special certificate of recognition to send her, Komoroski said, along with an autographed game ball signed by members of the current team.\""
"8108" "\"Making sure the kids get enough exercise in the summer months can be a challenge (\\"enough\\" being the amount it takes to tire them out so they don't have the energy to drive me crazy). During the school year they have gym and playtime with their classmates to tucker them out, and a trip down to the park can always take that extra edge off. But in the summer, parents have to find new ways to run the rug rats ragged because much like a bored golden retriever chewing up the entire house when left alone, if you don't exercise them, they will destroy everything and everyone you hold dear.\""
"8109" "\"This new gem in historic Glendale serves afternoon tea at 1:30 or 2 p.m. Monday-Saturday with advanced reservations. Enjoy a selection of hot teas with sandwiches, such as ham, chicken salad, cucumber and tuna puffs. Then have a classic scone with jam and Chantilly cream, and finally English trifle, chocolate-dipped strawberries and pecan cakes ($22 per person). The menu can vary daily.\""
"8110" "\"When LG starts selling its Google TV in May, it will ship its Magic Motion remote that retains its slender baton shape but works like a Nintendo Wii controller and allows viewers to use it to point and click on main menu options. It also has a scroll wheel for surfing the web. Its speech recognition is limited to allowing you to speak to the remote and search for shows. The motion sensor clicker and the scroll wheel are now standard features with all LG smart TVs.\""
"8111" "\"\\"You can't change it too much,\\" says Cottrell. \\"We could be selling prime rib for $2 and they'd still ask for the burgers.\\"\""
"8112" "\"\\"It was no surprise I got on the show, and I enjoyed it. I do tell it like it is. Donald Trump keeps bringing up the fact I was one of the roasters of him on Comedy Central, but he asked me to do 'Apprentice' after the roast, as a matter of fact.\\"\""
"8113" "\"Brouwer gave the Capitals a 3-2 series lead with his second goal of the playoffs, beating goalie Tim Thomas over the glove with a wrist shot from the right circle. It came with 37 seconds left on a slashing penalty against Benoit Pouliot.\""
"8114" "\"That explanation doesn't pass the smell test to some party leaders, however.\""
"8115" "\"What she had diagnosed, and what took me about five more years to realize, was that I indeed didn't see myself marrying a man. I wanted to marry a girl.\""
"8116" "\"Santorum said the campaign for the Republican presidential nomination could change if he's able to win the Texas primary.\""
"8117" "\"But a Texas-based activist group that has promoted Chen's case said the 40-year-old dissident was \\"under U.S. protection.\\"\""
"8118" "\"They have argued that they don't have enough classroom space to comply with the statute. But the law does not allow them to turn children away for lack of space. And officials in the area's unaccredited districts - St. Louis and Riverview Gardens - say they cannot afford tuition for the thousands of students who might want to go elsewhere.\""
"8119" "\"David learned how to inject Evan with the ACTH.\""
"8120" "\"The statements appear in excerpts, which were released Wednesday, from \\"Jesus of Nazareth: Holy Week: From the Entrance Into Jerusalem To The Resurrection,\\" the sequel to Benedict's 2007 best-seller, \\"Jesus of Nazareth.\\"\""
"8121" "\"Why can your foot move halfway to the brake pedal before you become consciously aware of danger ahead? And why is it so difficult to keep a secret?\""
"8122" "\"Roger E. Prince, a senior program manager who is overseeing the Terminal B expansion, said that if passengers can get processed within a half-hour from the time they arrive at the airport parking lot, \\"the customer experience is dramatically improved.\\"\""
"8123" "\"The prices index rose slightly in March to the highest level in almost three years. That could also contribute to broader inflation if manufacturers pass on some of the higher costs.\""
"8124" "\"Background: Emergency physician. Marion County coroner, 1997-2004; candidate in the 5th District, 2008, 2010. Brigadier general. Iraqi War veteran. Graduate of Air War College. Residency in emergency medicine, 1987; chief resident, 1986-87, at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia. Medical degree, 1984, Indiana University School of Medicine; bachelor's degree, 1980, Indiana University.\""
"8125" "\"Noon Daytona 500 WJW\""
"8126" "\"1849 Glenbrae Ln, $35,000\""
"8127" "\"Those whom I have interviewed have started scholarship funds in a lost loved one's memory in order to make meaning of their loss. They lean on spiritual beliefs for support. They hold annual rituals like candle lighting at significant dates, such as birthdays, to keep the missing person present in their lives. They give lectures about dealing with loss. They participate in focus groups with other people dealing with loss. Sometimes they make profound life changes, like Phylicia's half-brother, who decided to become a Baltimore police officer in response to her disappearance.\""
"8128" "\"And what Jesse Jones wanted was a fitting way to mark Texas' Centennial, the 1936 celebration of its 1836 independence from Mexico. What Jesse Jones wanted was an ornament that would make the entire state proud and that would provide much-needed jobs in his own beloved Houston. What Jesse Jones wanted was the San Jacinto Monument.\""
"8129" "\"\\"The balance is philosophical balance, it is physical balance, it is balance of activity,\\" she says. \\"We balance the activity with the stillness. If there's an upward movement, there's a downward movement. If there's movement, there's stillness.\\"\""
"8130" "\"Food and beverage offerings helped drive sales at Peak Resorts'\""
"8131" "\"In addition to being capable and enthusiastic partners in past reforms, the district's teachers have made real sacrifices for the sake of their students, including millions of dollars in concessions and waivers from collective-bargaining provisions at new schools. Yet it remains evident that more must be done.\""
"8132" "\"This is our humble prayer.\""
"8133" "\"All of us in the medical profession are asked to walk many thin lines: between not taking our work lightly and not internalizing the inevitable and necessary weight of it. We must be strong for our patients but not so strong that we lose our capacity to empathize. It takes a special constitution to show up to work daily and perform with excellence the tasks that are required of our work.\""
"8134" "\"The Beavers held a practice Friday night in which zero injuries were reported. This was most welcome news after the morning practice when coach Mike Riley informed the media that cornerback Brandon Hardin has a rather involved shoulder injury that will keep him out at least a month or so.\""
"8135" "\"For this tour, Iglesias is joined by pop-bachata sensations Aventura, who are New Yorkers of Dominican ancestry. Their most recent album \\"Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden\\" (Sony International) demonstrates their teen-pop appeal and is a good introduction to the twangy-guitar sound of bachata.\""
"8136" "\"Historians hail Munch for breaking away from the Impressionists who still held sway over the art world in the late 19th century. Instead of playing with light and shadow to capture the world around him, Munch experimented with ways to visualize his own tormented emotions—a shift that helped pave the way for the Expressionists like Egon Schiele along with later Abstract Expressionists like Mark Rothko.\""
"8137" "\"The state Senate recently rejected Brown's appointee as chairman of the California State University Board of Trustees because he approved a pay raise for a university president while also hiking tuition. On Wednesday, legislators rejected more than $300 million of the governor's proposed reductions in financial aid, an effort to spare the Cal Grants program from the budget ax.\""
"8138" "\"The third witness on the first day of Van Pelt’s trial in U.S. District Court in Trenton, Dwek is expected to return to the stand today to discuss his secret video recordings of Van Pelt accepting an envelope stuffed with $10,000 on Feb. 21, 2009, at Morton’s Steakhouse in Atlantic City.\""
"8139" "\"Meanwhile, Mizzou is looking forward to its move to the Southeastern Conference this summer.\""
"8140" "\"Grouper ($18) was cooked beautifully, but the accompaniments didn't enhance it. The bright yellow raita, a yogurt sauce seasoned with turmeric and cilantro, tasted bitter, and the haricots verts were practically raw. Still, the salsalike mango chutney adds zest to the fish.\""
"8141" "\"Nissan will notify owners in December when parts are available. Repairs will be made for free.\""
"8142" "\"First, it's not at Ground Zero. The site in question is two blocks north of the former World Trade Center site in Lower Manhattan; an existing mosque is just a few hundred feet more distant from the site of the collapsed towers.\""
"8143" "\"Sitting on the scorers table near center court 90 minutes before Game 1, Nuggets front office executive Masai Ujiri hoped his team would take a simple approach against the Lakers: \\"We have nothing to lose.\\"\""
"8144" "\"Lakewood police are re-examining more than 200 cases involving child victims following the resignation of a detective targeted by internal affairs for failing to properly investigate complaints.\""
"8145" "\"Mercersburg 100 000 0 — 1 7 5\""
"8146" "\"\\"Is watching Cleveland sports a banned form of torture?\\" -- Joe S.\""
"8147" "\"\\"We buy for each specific store. That is how a department store stays close to the customers who are coming in everyday,\\" said Melody Westendors, chief operating officer. Sales associates routinely record information detailing customer requests. That information goes to the buying department each week so that the company knows store by store what is missing and what needs to be added. \\"In today's world, customers are on top of trends and a retailer has to work very hard to meet their desires,\\" Westendors said.\""
"8148" "\"Elite U.S. forces, ordered into action by Obama, descended by helicopter on bin Laden’s hide-out before dawn. The al Qaeda leader fought back and was killed in a firefight along with one of his sons and two associates, officials said. Bin Laden’s wife was shot in the calf but survived, a U.S. official said.\""
"8149" "\"Steve Wollmer, a spokesman for the NJEA, said his union hopes to have 20,000 members at the protest.\""
"8150" "\"\\"We've been waiting for it to open. We've been watching,\\" said Ann Baugh of Buckeye.\""
"8151" "\"But the cost of the initiatives — especially the shipping and Fashion Rewards changes — depressed Nordstrom's gross profit and caused most of the 0.31-percentage-point drop in its gross margin, the company said. The gross profit margin was 37.5 percent for the most recent quarter.\""
"8152" "\"\\"There is going to be social justice, freedom, democracy, and they are going to tackle the unemployment issue,\\" said Mohamed Fezai, 30, an unemployed college graduate.\""
"8153" "\"Also watching Endeavour's final liftoff will be the shuttle commander's wounded wife, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords. The crowd estimate surged Friday to 700,000 -- or more -- as people scrambled to witness a launch before NASA closes out the 30-year era of space shuttle flight this summer.\""
"8154" "\"\\"Drafting in staff from other areas of an already overstretched agency is like putting a sticking plaster on a serious injury, it will do nothing to stop the inevitable from happening,\\" said Mark Serwotka, the union's general secretary.\""
"8155" "\"Two other hindering charges accuse Ravi of changing his tweets before the police investigation started. Berman said those charges should be labelled as fourth-degree crimes instead of third-degree, as stated in the indictment.\""
"8156" "\"316 Buckhurst Dr, $291,000\""
"8157" "\"Dittmeier said that Griesbauer's death followed a pattern. A month after his death, Young began a relationship with another man and later got herself listed as an insurance beneficiary.\""
"8158" "\"Business Administrator Bob Smith said that they made the move to hire a building inspector instead of contracting out for the service after determining an increased savings from doing so was “certain.” While the other inspection services of fire, electric, plumbing and elevator might also be more profitable to handle in-house, Smith said the administration wanted to wait to see how the change in building inspections progressed first. Council Vice President Chris Del Borrello, who presented the idea of bringing more inspections in-house during a presentation on possible areas of savings in the budget earlier this year, was concerned that may mean they could miss out on potential revenue.\""
"8159" "\"As a caterer, Wilczynski prides herself on having a wide repertoire of dishes, and it shows in her menu. In these still strained economic times, she also offers a variety of prices, from sandwiches to specials to entrees.\""
"8160" "\"Under the charter, voters will elect an executive and council members in November. The winners will take office in January, replacing the three elected commissioners. The elected auditor, clerk of courts, coroner, engineer, recorder, sheriff and treasurer will then be replaced with appointees.\""
"8161" "\"The total value of the settlement is unclear, but California's controller said the change should reunite more than $20 million of death benefits and matured annuities with the owners or, in many cases, the owners' heirs.\""
"8162" "\"But that \\"sounds high for just the official jerseys,\\" Swinand said, requiring unusually high sales in North America for the deal to pencil out.\""
"8163" "\"Have you ever walked around the city in sandals? When you take off your sandals, your feet are black. Imagine what gross-out stuff makes its way into your beard every day!\""
"8164" "\"Eleven days later, Feb. 2, Joey sat in the release area at Theo Lacy Jail. It was about 9 p.m. – an odd time to release inmates. There, Joey made friends who had more experience in the legal system.\""
"8165" "\"Now a dozen years into recovery, he's at the club almost daily. Usually found in dusty overalls and a baseball cap, he personally laid the club's wooden dance floor and stays late Fridays to keep the music down.\""
"8166" "\"It was Flacco's turn to keep the drive alive as he hit Anquan Boldin twice on third down for completions of 18 and 30 yards. Ray Rice finished off the 13-play series with a 3-yard touchdown run.\""
"8167" "\"You can, too.\""
"8168" "\"Danks (2-4, 6.51 ERA) didn't win until June last season, going 0-8 with a 5.25 ERA in April and May, and he's off to another rocky start in 2012. He allowed seven runs for the second straight start in Thursday's 7-5 loss to Cleveland.\""
"8169" "\"In each evaluation, of course, there has to be point when he says, “This is where I see his value.” And more often than not, he thinks he’s being objective about it, but is really not.\""
"8170" "\"2. (2.) Hammond (4-0, 98-41)\""
"8171" "\"Q: Hey, Tony: Has there been any reports, good or bad, about that huge undrafted offensive lineman we picked up from Canada, Joel Reinders? He has freakish physical attributes. I'd like to see us keep him and develop him more. Could be a nice find. Joel Reinders vs. Cliff Geathers in one-on-one drills must be interesting . . . who do you think would win? -- Robert Benjamin Jr., Crestview, Fla\""
"8172" "\"\\"If a child injures another child, that's one direction — bullying is something different,\\" he said. \\"The word bullying didn't come about until another child was killed in another municipality. This recently has become a buzz word. Before, when a child had a problem, it was called 'bothering' or 'picked on.'\\"\""
"8173" "\"On Sept. 8, Marion Reynolds, a Newark police officer, pleaded guilty to a similar scheme.\""
"8174" "\"Since announcing her pregnancy last Halloween over Twitter, Simpson posed nude for the cover of Elle magazine, shared her cravings like salted cantaloupe and pop tarts and joked about her excess of amniotic fluid on \\"Jimmy Kimmel Live.\\"\""
"8175" "\"And so LeBron James' third game in Cleveland as a member of the Miami Heat, a game in which he just might have been trying to show Cavaliers fans what he could do if he returned to this franchise, had a range of receptions.\""
"8176" "\"While the majority of Clackamas County schools will be celebrating their ratings this year, the annual designations will be met with frustration by those who feel their schools are narrowly missing the mark.\""
"8177" "\"Dental checks may help heart\""
"8178" "\"Team Northeast Ohio: Steve Fritsch and Walt Good were named business development directors in the JobsOhio regional office in Northeast Ohio.\""
"8179" "\"Is this someone I can trust? What's his relationship record? If I go with this person, will my heart - and wallet - be happy?\""
"8180" "\"Not the first time a songwriter went into it with delusions of grandeur.\""
"8181" "\"Ravi, 19, is charged with 15 counts, including invasion of privacy and bias intimidation. He is accused of using his laptop webcam to watch Clementi hugging and kissing another man in their dorm room last year.\""
"8182" "\"Brandon Roy (36 minutes) and LaMarcus Aldridge (45 minutes) added 18 points apiece.\""
"8183" "\"Feelings — the ones telling you you can't change — are tough to deny, but you can alter the way you think and behave, Jacobs says. \\"When you start to move forward, even in small steps, your brain starts to say, 'Well, what do you know, I can do that.'\\"\""
"8184" "\"Craig, good question, and I'm not so sure you need a \\"big\\" scorer in the league anymore. Of course, you need guys who can score. But I don't think you necessarily need a guy who gets 40 or 50 goals to succeed as a team.\""
"8185" "\"The Post said Combs was spotted lunching at Soho House in L.A. last week with Todd Phillips, the director and producer of \\"The Hangover\\" franchise, raising hopes about Combs possibly appearing in the \\"The Hangover III,\\" scheduled for next year.\""
"8186" "\"Futures trading, which began as a way for farmers to anticipate the value of their goods months in advance, has grown increasingly popular on Wall Street over the last decade, putting distributors and consumers at the mercy of pure speculation, he said.\""
"8187" "\"Tickets for those screenings are $11, available at 314-442-3179\""
"8188" "\"\\"I just like doing a lot of things,\\" she says. \\"It's kind of like juggling. You struggle at first, but you'll be OK.\\"\""
"8189" "\"For the better part of a year, Mitt Romney has tethered himself to an array of positions designed for the Republican presidential primaries, stances that put him to the right of where he's been through much of his career and raise questions about where he really wants to go. President Barack Obama's politicking has tacked to the left, thanks to all those speeches to Democratic fundraisers and other activist-heavy events that play up the liberal in him.\""
"8190" "\"\\"New investors wanted to see who the leader of this organization would be,\\" Taylor said. \\"Raising the rest of these funds will be an ongoing process, a steady flow, rather than a ‘get it all done tomorrow’ mentality.\\"\""
"8191" "\"As it did in the trial, Honda said the federally required window label that was on the vehicle when Peters bought the Civic said mileage would vary depending upon a number of factors including options, driving conditions, driving habits and vehicle condition.\""
"8192" "\"\\"It is easy to see a scenario where this event's value for both the racing leagues doesn't eventually overcome any short-term challenges,\\" he said.\""
"8193" "\"Rousseff took office promising to rein in her predecessor's spending, even while tackling problems in infrastructure, healthcare, education and safety.\""
"8194" "\"It worked, but sage advice couldn't stop Stenhouse's engine from blowing up on the last lap with Edwards on his rear fender. Stenhouse's No. 6 car spun and Edwards, blinded by the smoke, pushed it across the finish line first.\""
"8195" "\"What if Angela Corey, the Florida state attorney overseeing the case, comes across what she believes is irrefutable evidence of Zimmerman's innocence or guilt. Is she still required to go before the grand jury?\""
"8196" "\"Chief Financial Officer John Hanson said the effort has been to pay down “unsecured debt” — bonds that are not secured by revenue the authority raises through tolls on its four bridges.\""
"8197" "\"Jones said he would not attend an honors ceremony Wednesday night at Shadow Mountain, where his middle son, a senior, was scheduled to be honored. Jones said his decision to skip the ceremony was the result of his son's comments.\""
"8198" "\"Before Goucher could start calculating her odds across 26 miles, her coach ramped up her weekly mileage to 100 and signed her up for New York, the last major marathon of the season, but barely 10 weeks after the Olympics.\""
"8199" "\"European nations, which became the first to commit to the IMF fundraising effort in December, have pressed other countries to help shore up the fund's resources. Europe's beefed-up crisis fund would likely be insufficient if Italy and Spain—the euro zone's third- and fourth-biggest economies, respectively—needed rescue packages. Many analysts doubt even the two combined firewalls—in Europe and the IMF—would be enough.\""
"8200" "\"And on it goes.\""
"8201" "\"Tavan Tolgoi, estimated to contain at least five billion metric tons of coal, is close to Mongolia's border with China. That will give the winning bidder a ready-made export market, with a ...\""
"8202" "\"NEWARK — Longtime Rep. Donald M. Payne, who died Tuesday of colon cancer at age 77, will receive a statesman’s funeral next week in his native city of Newark, his family said today.\""
"8203" "\"Old-fashioned ranting\""
"8204" "\"Democrat Pete Matia pledged to \\"do whatever it takes\\" to bring jobs to the county. Asked what that might entail, he said, \\"I don't know. I just know we have to try to do something.\\"\""
"8205" "\"If you can't make a decision about sake, the restaurant offers two flights: a daily changing selection of four 2-ounce pours ($32) or a selection of four Morimoto sakes ($30). Many diners opt for one of the specialty cocktails ($10-$12), such as the Morimotini with Junmai sake, vodka and cucumber slices; and the lychee-yuzu daiquiri with rum, Nigori sake and whipped cream.\""
"8206" "\"The West has an opportunity in a critical region where it has lost allies in the past few years because of its inability to constrain Iran in the Levant and the Arab gulf region. From the start of the Arab Spring, the Assad regime has, through local media acting as propaganda machines, accused the West of providing financial and logistical support for demonstrators' \\"terrorist\\" acts. The West has no positive standing to lose with the Assad regime. But supporting the revolutionaries would help guarantee a state in the Levant that could cooperate with, rather than challenge, the West and build a new relationship of trust with the people of Syria, not their oppressor.\""
"8207" "\"A reception with artists will be held on Saturday, May 19, from 1 to 4 p.m., free and open to the public.\""
"8208" "\"JOHANNESBURG - South African wildlife officials say a delivery truck driver who was going too fast slammed into a herd of impala, leaving seven dead antelope strewn along a road in the country's flagship Kruger National Park.\""
"8209" "\"Hoppe would not identify the other client. An auto industry official, speaking on condition of anonymity to reveal confidential information, said the other client was State Farm, the country's largest auto insurer.\""
"8210" "\"10124 Bellefontaine Rd, $149,000\""
"8211" "\"There are so many stories, but a handful really stick in my memory. Years ago, I was at the zoo doing a story, and I was doing what we call in the business a \\"stand-up.\\" That's the part of the story where the viewer sees the reporter on location.\""
"8212" "\"Management theorist Vivek Wadhwa argued in a recent essay that Silicon Valley's obsession with youth may help explain the venture industry's recent rash of poor returns. He drew that conclusion after studying more than 500 technology and engineering companies that had more than $1 million in sales and at least five employees.\""
"8213" "\"\\"There's an old guy at the end of the bar. Wick was his name, and he had only one tooth. He waved at us and said if we'd buy him a bump and a Grain Belt, he'd tell us everything he knew. We did, and he did, telling us about a nearby lake that had everything -- panfish, northerns, bass.\""
"8214" "\"\\"I think this is an opportunity for Cleveland schools to turn things around,\\" Kasich said. \\"If they fail on this because of politics, the business community in Cleveland has told me they are walking away -- no more support for the levies.\\"\""
"8215" "\"\\"Nate is a guy that's a big fast safety, who has been very productive in the kicking game,\\" Belichick said. \\"We've got some good connections at Ohio State that have worked with him, so obviously that played a part in it too.\\"\""
"8216" "\"Among U.S. companies, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. fell 2 percent after saying it would buy the U.S. retail operations of Royal Bank of Canada for $3.45 billion. The deal will make PNC the fifth biggest U.S. bank with 2,870 branches.\""
"8217" "\"Tom Luicci may be reached at tluicci@starledger.com\""
"8218" "\"And at WOCN Union Radio, a man told host Ricardo Brown that Cutie's misdeed was inevitable. \\"He was surrounded by too much temptation,\\" the man said.\""
"8219" "\"Some of the largest delinquencies involve a former Cuyahoga County judge, a local television sports personality and a Summit County preschool.\""
"8220" "\"Was the act of pulling away from mainstream American culture too hard on the traditional family unit? Melissa, who loved her childhood and her parents, doesn't have the answers. But her memoir is an important piece of the puzzle. Today we both admire and ridicule such attempts at countercultures. The Colemans and the Nearings were not hippies or druggies or even, for the most part, political protesters. They worked hard to create an alternative economy that still exists and is growing in rural America. This memoir is evidence of their great sacrifices.\""
"8221" "\"e-mail: mscott@plaind.com\""
"8222" "\"Maybe the larger problem is his point of view. He begins his article by criticizing the festival's mission \\"to break the barriers of stereotypes\\" because the lineup does \\"not actively push that agenda\\" because of (in part) our film about mariachi music. Maybe he doesn't realize mariachi is the national music of Mexico? By that rationalization, every American film with jazz or the blues must conform to stereotype. I think he's confusing breaking stereotypes with something else. Just because a Mexican plays mariachi music doesn't make them a stereotype. Just like a Chicagoan playing the blues doesn't equate stereotype. What is stereotypical, is an American assuming that every Mexican holiday is Cinco de Mayo.We would appreciate it if Mr. Stamets could rethink his (admittedly brief) comments about our film and his view of Chicago Latino Film Festival's mission and lineup in a context that maybe he isn't (as of yet) qualified to make them.\""
"8223" "\"Although the Broncos aren't exactly a juggernaut on offense, look at that final score again. When it comes to rebuilding the roster, defense has to be offseason priority Nos. 1, 2 and 3.\""
"8224" "\"Russo and his willing confederates deserve whatever punishment they receive from the federal courts. But they leave behind much collateral damage that can be repaired only through an end to the virtual one-party rule by Cuyahoga County Democrats that enabled Russo and his cronies to thwart any realistic checks and balances for so long, and an even more diligent house-cleaning of county government than the one already under way as part of charter reforms voters enacted last year.\""
"8225" "\"NEW YORK -- Macy's first-quarter profit rose a better-than-expected 38%. But investors sent its shares down nearly 4% because the department store chain mostly left its annual profit guidance intact.\""
"8226" "\"With most banks tightening up on issuing credit cards and many lowering credit limits, cash looks golden.\""
"8227" "\"Caroline O'Donnell, assistant professor of architecture at Cornell University, notes that each design has merits.\""
"8228" "\"In 1917, according to contemporary accounts, Gov. James M. Cox, a Dayton Democrat, was the first Ohio governor to deliver a State of the State message to the General Assembly in person, rather than via a printed document.\""
"8229" "\"Some economists say that means the Fed will take further action soon.\""
"8230" "\"In her petition for the peace order, Kathleen Cusack wrote that shortly after 10 p.m. Thursday, a \\"visibly agitated, red-faced and sweating\\" Kiefaber entered the theater lobby without a ticket.\""
"8231" "\"Lebanon, Ill. - Watch, listen and enjoy a vocal master class as Grammy Award winning soprano Christine Brewer returns to her alma mater to work with vocal students at McKendree University on Tuesday, Feb. 17. The two-hour class begins at 4 p.m. in the concert hall of the Hettenhausen Center for the Arts on the campus in Lebanon, Ill.\""
"8232" "\"“Licorice and beef jerky,’’ he said, laughing. “I love licorice.”\""
"8233" "\"NEW DELHI—The Supreme Court told the government of an Indian state to immediately cease recruiting and using young tribal villagers as ad hoc police officers to help battle a Maoist insurgency, in a judgment that could have far-reaching ramifications for how India deals with civil strife.\""
"8234" "\"Written by Frank Higgins and directed with flair by Andrea Frye, \\"Black Pearl Sings!\\" was inspired by a real project, the Depression-era search for American roots music that was sponsored by the Library of Congress.\""
"8235" "\"Strafford, PA 19087\""
"8236" "\"It's the reason Mayor Chuck Reed and his council allies are backing a June 5 ballot measure that would reform pension costs, though the exact ballot language has been temporarily put on hold by an appellate court.\""
"8237" "\"Last summer, two people drowned in the Meramec River near the same spot at Castlewood State Park. Three others died in 2011 at other points on the Meramec. In 2006, five members of a church youth group drowned at the treacherous section of the river at Castlewood.\""
"8238" "\"Those interested must:\""
"8239" "\"\\"You knew Joel was going to use his fouls, and he was going to play his game,\\" McMillan said. \\"I watched him a couple games now, and he's still the guy, the enforcer, the guy who's going to back his teammates and take and use fouls.\\"\""
"8240" "\"\\"The Lion King\\": Aug. 15-Sept. 2\""
"8241" "\"The mood and the service here are comforting, though the level of cool here can be striking and so can the decibel level. Besides a few tables, and a large communal table, there are seats at the bar and a few seats in back overlooking the kitchen and the assembling of bowls. And if you bring along enough of your friends, you can all occupy the back room and dine while surrounded by Godzilla movies. You eat ramen; he eats Tokyo.\""
"8242" "\"Both sides delivered compelling arguments.\""
"8243" "\"Security procedures at U.S. airports were unchanged despite the plot, a reflection of both the U.S. confidence in its security systems and a recognition that the government can't realistically expect travelers to endure much more. Increased costs and delays to airlines and shipping companies from new security measures could have a global economic impact too.\""
"8244" "\"Molly Seidel of University Lake School in Hartland, Wis., won the girls race in 17:22.\""
"8245" "\"\\"To my eye, there wasn't anything that needed to be played off of to make the house feel like it had continuity,\\" Lundin said.\""
"8246" "\"The Sheriff's Department would not immediately provide copies of the old and new booking criteria for comparison this week, but U-T San Diego obtained a copy of the revised rules. They show that suspected offenders will continue to be jailed for misdemeanor crimes including driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs, domestic violence offenses and violations of sex offender registration requirements.\""
"8247" "\"Both sides confirmed Monday that they have agreed to the appointment of a fact-finding panel to review the offers of both sides. The three-member panel will have until July 15 to issue its recommendations.\""
"8248" "\"Based on dog sleeping pattern studies, programmers alternate footage and soundtracks designed for stimulation, relaxation and exposure throughout the eight hours.\""
"8249" "\"Interestingly, pro football experts took a more charitable view of their work. Consider these report cards:\""
"8250" "\"Vote “no” if . . . you think public workers should retain the collective bargaining power given them in the current law. If you are concerned that public employers would recklessly cut services - Issue 2 opponents say claim there will be fewer safety forces on the job - with their new authority. If you consider of the changes listed above unacceptable.\""
"8251" "\"Huntsman operates Stump Hill Farm near Massillon in northeast Ohio, which cares for and exhibits native and exotic animals ranging from tigers to coyotes to parrots. State officials had believed last fall that her farm could be a potential new home for Thompson's animals.\""
"8252" "\"The team is about to close the 70-year-old woman’s chest after quadruple bypass and valve-repair surgery.\""
"8253" "\"Graham's attention to detail is key to the pub's success and beauty. It takes a while to notice how much care has been taken because it is all so comfortable—nothing jars, not even the staff. The atmosphere is old-fashioned but with an earthy feel, not something manufactured to appeal to a fancy London crowd.\""
"8254" "\"Obama's decision \\"will honor the sacrifice of our nation's servicemen and -women and their families and do a great deal to reduce the stigma surrounding mental health treatment that prevents so many from seeking the care they need,\\" Boxer said.\""
"8255" "\"Godfrey, a 5-foot-11, 182-pound athlete from Miami's Central High, captivated UCF fans from the moment he signed a letter of intent to play for the Knights. He broke the career Miami-Dade County high school passing record and was arguably the most athletic quarterback to enroll at UCF since Daunte Culpepper ran the offense.\""
"8256" "\"(DIY) Decked Out -- A couple wants their backyard to be an oasis.\""
"8257" "\"Privately held Toys 'R' Us, which currently operates Toysrus.com and Babiesrus.com, said the deal allows it to Web portfolio through three established Web sites.\""
"8258" "\"None more so than Beasley, who tied a Timberwolves record for the most points by a player off the bench. He had his way with everyone the Rockets put on him.\""
"8259" "\"Local record label: Mack Avenue Records\""
"8260" "\"Harry & David has been struggling as businesses slashed corporate gift budgets and consumers cut spending in the weak economy. It relies on discretionary spending that's often the first to get cut from household and business budgets.\""
"8261" "\"Experts have sized us up to be everything from coddled, narcissistic and money-obsessed to optimistic, educated and open-minded.\""
"8262" "\"Despite a mediocre overall score of 5.3 on a scale of 0 to 10 for its latest customer satisfaction survey, NJ Transit received its highest mark for \\"payment options,\\" getting a 6.7.\""
"8263" "\"We have to know -- how long is your hair and how do you keep it looking so nice?\""
"8264" "\"A: Yeah, well, I've been lucky in that regard.\""
"8265" "\"She said she hopes someone driving on Beavercreek Road may have seen something and will contact police.\""
"8266" "\"Faried's parents told their son to scrutinize Dennis Rodman rather than Michael Jordan or Scottie Pippen as he watched Bulls' games growing up, so it shouldn't be a surprise that Faried draws comparisons to one of the NBA's best all-time rebounders.\""
"8267" "\"Inspector General Joe Ferguson has been busy digging up dirt on city employees and contractors during the first three months of this year, and his quarterly report explains how without naming names:\""
"8268" "\"Several flavors, actually. Sometimes New Orleans is hot and spicy. Sometimes it is rich and decadent, or sweet and a little messy. At any given time, a bite of any one of a number of classic foods from the city instantly transports you there.\""
"8269" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio - Pierre's Ice Cream Co. begins construction this week on its long-awaited $8 million state-of-the-art ice cream factory.\""
"8270" "\"Oh, and Tim Tebow remains the Broncos' quarterback.\""
"8271" "\"Love, who starred at Lake Oswego and UCLA, is averaging 20.3 points and an NBA-high 15.4 rebounds per game. He did not travel with the team while he receives treatment.\""
"8272" "\"Inspired by a true story, it begins with a date night at the movies for young marrieds Paige (McAdams) and Leo (Tatum). Then an accident on the way home, capped by a trip to the emergency room that feels like a pale version of \\"Grey's Anatomy,\\" changes everything. When Paige wakes up from a medically induced coma, her memory has been wiped clean, and thus starts Leo's bid to help her remember their life and their love, and when she doesn't, he tries to get her to fall for him again.\""
"8273" "\"\\"I think Verlander can wake up and throw curveballs,\\" Shields said Tuesday. \\"He was on point the last game.\\"\""
"8274" "\"Volunteers also learn more about the nonprofits in their own backyard, where underpaid staffers and volunteers work tirelessly all year long.\""
"8275" "\"Since tearing his meniscus in 2007, the 6-foot-2, 210-pound speedster has established himself as one of the league's most consistent downfield receiving threats.\""
"8276" "\"The housing fee is levied when the city certifies each unit for occupancy, which means changes will affect at least two housing projects under way – Rancho San Juan, a 140-home community being developed by Woodbridge Pacific Group, and a proposed 34-home development by Shea Homes.\""
"8277" "\"Violet is spending too much time at the office, running psychological experiments with her \\"bad decisions\\" specialist mentor (Rhys Ifans, funny enough) and judging Tom by what she's learning.\""
"8278" "\"Eventually, Hafernik wants to do DNA probes of the parasitized bees to see if the phorid fly is throwing the bee's gene regulation out of whack, causing it to stumble in ever-tightening circles, fly at night and headfirst into light.\""
"8279" "\"\\" . . . When he told a racist joke. And he knew my father was African-American!\\"\""
"8280" "\"Fiscal concerns\""
"8281" "\"Because if this man wants to become the speaker of the Florida House in 2014 — and handle billions of your tax dollars — you'd better believe that we have a right to know how he handles his own.\""
"8282" "\"Some of the computer models used to predict what the system will do aren’t in agreement yet, said Charlie Foley, a weather service meteorologist in Taunton, Mass.. For Boston, there is quite a spread in potential results.\""
"8283" "\"\\"It was so disturbing,\\" she said. \\"I told myself, 'You know what? I want to grow my own.' \\"\""
"8284" "\"14 Michael VanDoren Oregon\""
"8285" "\"\\"There are no new migrants coming to the U.S. The people who are coming all have some prior experience in the U.S,\\" he said.\""
"8286" "\"Horvath listens - and records - as she tells him how she lost her job at a law firm when it moved to California.\""
"8287" "\"\\"My friend is having a seizure,\\" the 911 caller said, a man wailing in the background. \\"She was spitting up blood.\\"\""
"8288" "\"No part of the Cardinals team had a bigger in-season overhaul than the bullpen, which turned out to be one of the units integral to the team's success. Through the dramatic September comeback drive and the even-more dramatic October pennant chase, the depth of the bullpen, with its mix of arms young and old, left and right, was instrumental.\""
"8289" "\"2 pounds fresh mussels, scrubbed, debearded\""
"8290" "\"The filing zeroes in particularly on O'Brien, an assistant state's attorney who headed the felony review unit seven years ago and determined that there wasn't enough evidence to file charges in Koschman's death.\""
"8291" "\"Credit a delicate balance when the economy is neither too hot nor too cold. Prices of myriad assets that might otherwise be moving in opposite directions are nearly all moving up.\""
"8292" "\"3 positions\""
"8293" "\"Use them prudently. Don't overfill them. No one wants a messy alley.\""
"8294" "\"In that regard, it seems nearly everyone thinks they can be a children's book writer, as evidenced by the many works now on offer from movie stars and politicians' wives. Indeed, not more than three weeks ago on a beach in the Yucatán, I was accosted by a lawyer from Portland who, learning what I did, asked if he might send me his writings for kids. On such occasions, I wish to warn, \\"It's a lot harder than it looks.\\"\""
"8295" "\"We all know that lip gloss is a gateway drug, leading to a lifetime addiction of buying and using to get the greatest high - beauty. The ads say so; it must be true.\""
"8296" "\"It was in October of 2003 when a neighbor of the Jacksons called police to say someone was rummaging through a garbage can. There they found Bruce Jackson, the oldest of the adopted sons, hunting for food. At 19 years old, he weighed 45 pounds.\""
"8297" "\"The mayor said Pimentel, a U.S. citizen originally from the Dominican Republic, was \\"plotting to bomb police patrol cars and also postal facilities as well as targeted members of our armed services returning from abroad.\\"\""
"8298" "\"A trio of economic forecasts released Tuesday represent the strongest indication to date that the process of recovering the 11 million jobs lost since the start of the recession is under way.\""
"8299" "\"Exxon increased earnings even though it produced less oil and natural gas liquids. Benchmark crude prices rose 20 percent from a year ago.\""
"8300" "\"The relationship between the coalition and the precinct is working well, Gullion said. Her advice to police is to \\"give the public an opportunity to speak.\""
"8301" "\"This year class included stars of baseball, football, basketball, lacrosse, track and field and other sports, playing or coaching Owls, Cardinals, Cavaliers, Panthers Eagles — and even an Amarillo Dilla.\""
"8302" "\"Jackpot $105,000\""
"8303" "\"For more information on available materials, visit mcdl.info or these area branches:\""
"8304" "\"South Euclid Mayor Georgine Welo, one of FitzGerald's two announced challengers for the Democratic nomination, said she does not think a collaboration director is necessary.\""
"8305" "\"That was the moment when many a baseball fan began to see the game for what it really is – a business, with labor (the players) and management (the owners) more than willing to ignore the gauzy romance of America's pastime for the reality of cold, hard cash.\""
"8306" "\"It even depends upon how patients are \\"wired\\" neurologically and psychologically to respond to factors that might cause shortness of breath.\""
"8307" "\"Objection No. 3: Lugar is 80 years old now and would be 86 before another six-year term is completed. He's well past his prime.\""
"8308" "\"They do, however, more than pull their weight.\""
"8309" "\"It might have been the \\"safer\\" pick. DeCastro is considered by many experts as the best guard prospect since Michigan's Steve Hutchinson, the 17th overall pick in 2001 who has been to seven Pro Bowls. And guards rated that highly have a low bust-factor. He went to the Pittsburgh Steelers with the 24th overall pick.\""
"8310" "\"When informed that Duyck favors that change, Trumper replied, \\"I'm not here to be a rubber stamp for Andy Duyck.\\"\""
"8311" "\"“It’s a night when so much money is raised for arts education,” he said, as guests milled around in their best evening attire.\""
"8312" "\"When we think of National Historic Landmarks, what comes to mind are buildings that were saved only after being threatened with the wrecking ball.\""
"8313" "\"Japan's official death toll from the disaster topped 12,000 on Sunday, as about 25,000 U.S. and Japanese troops finished an intensive three-day recovery effort. The search located 78 bodies, but more than 15,000 people are still officially listed as missing. About 160,000 survivors remain in shelters.\""
"8314" "\"BP may be able to stretch out payments even longer, if the Exxon Valdez spill is any measure. The tanker spilled 11 million gallons in Alaska in 1989, but it took nearly two decades for the courts to determine what the company had to pay.\""
"8315" "\"Even if SolarWorld’s coalition wins its case and gets tariffs, Leo said, China can bring the issue to the World Trade Organization for further adjudication.\""
"8316" "\"Maybe it's the fact that they're tiny, stylish look-alikes with matching white hair.\""
"8317" "\"You began your career as a lawyer?\""
"8318" "\"His development of \\"The Fly\\" allowed Willamette to rank in the Top 20 of NCAA Division III each season from 1998 through 2010 and to rush for more than 200 yards per game in 13 of his 14 seasons as head coach.\""
"8319" "\"The Johnsons’ attorney Miles Winder, disagreed. He said the Johnsons only had to prove one aspect of how the helistop would have a positive effect on the farm and the community. “We have satisfied three.”\""
"8320" "\"Widefield 42, Cheyenne Mountain 24\""
"8321" "\"Asked by ESPN host Rick Reilly what he has left out of his one-man show 'Mike Tyson: Undisputed Truth', he said: ''I didn't talk about getting a prison official pregnant.\""
"8322" "\"He grew up in Grafton, N.D., said Michael O'Brien, one of Kiley's brothers who changed his name when starting a radio career. He was the eldest of six siblings who were raised in town, not on a farm. Their dad sold Ford cars. Tales of being abused by his mom are \\"absolute nonsense,\\" said O'Brien, who is retired and lives in Washington state.\""
"8323" "\"Cuisine: Seafood\""
"8324" "\"\\"Most actors feel only one way,\\" he says. \\"We're just grateful to have a job.\\"\""
"8325" "\"Essay is the perfect vehicle\""
"8326" "\"\\"There's no consistency with the criteria that (the committee members) make the decisions upon,\\" he said. \\"Whether it's RPI, or strength of schedule, your last 10, your road record or conference record or tournament, no one really knows what the weight is.\\"\""
"8327" "\"Meanwhile, she has been working to keep her husband's heating and air conditioning supply company in Neptune afloat, managing a retail store in Shrewsbury and taking care of three children aged 5 and under.\""
"8328" "\"Tags: List your hometown, suject matter, etc.. Separate tags with commas (bay village, indians, tribe, fan).\""
"8329" "\"The patrol says a park ranger made an emergency call about the shooting around 9 p.m., and during the call more shots were fired.\""
"8330" "\"Forrest declined to comment tonight, as did Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak.\""
"8331" "\"Urged on by government warnings about saturated fat, Americans have been moving toward low-fat milk for decades, leaving a surplus of whole milk and milk fat. Yet the government, through Dairy Management, is engaged in an effort to find ways to get dairy products back into Americans' diets, primarily through cheese.\""
"8332" "\"Nathan Gideon, 29, described the president's visit as \\"awesome.\\"\""
"8333" "\"To mark its 50th anniversary this year, the club seeks to reach 2,012 members, according to Howard Miller, president of the Center Club and a partner at law firm Saul Ewing. Miller joined the club in 1966 and still carries his original membership card.\""
"8334" "\"He says liberals made a fundamental mistake in viewing health care as a right instead of an “individual responsibility.”\""
"8335" "\"After two kills and a block by Henning, a service ace by Adam Douglas, and a Garrett Hanes kill, Edwardsville was up 6-0 just minutes into the match.\""
"8336" "\"Duda was always teeming with potential, something manager Terry Collins saw when he was just an oversized doubles hitter in the minors. He came to the team last year a lump of clay, molded by taking one at-bat after another.\""
"8337" "\"Santiago Elementary\""
"8338" "\"But the reality is that eliminating Detroit would be a significant step for a franchise trying to gain market share locally and enhance its visibility nationally and internationally.\""
"8339" "\"To cope, Rosary Hall's doctors have begun reducing the length of inpatient detoxification from the typical five days to four. They expect to treat 200 fewer patients this year and wait times to get in for treatment are on the rise.\""
"8340" "\"The largest portion of districts &mdash 47 percent — said up to 5 percent of teachers would be gone. Almost 37 percent of districts said they would reduce teaching staff by 6 percent to 10 percent, another 11 percent said there would be a 11 percent to 15 percent reduction, and almost 5 percent said they would cut 16 percent or more of their teachers.\""
"8341" "\"The White House says the money will help train auto and auto-related workers so they can enter the green and energy efficient workforce and help auto communities attract clean technology businesses.\""
"8342" "\"Player's comment: \\"It was a relief when (this season's final) was over. It really taught me that anything was possible no matter the division you are in. I'm a good goalkeeper, but I have a lot more to accomplish.\\"\""
"8343" "\"I suggested if they want to yell and scream, they should do so on behalf of the millions of neglected children who lack a voice.\""
"8344" "\"were not separate, one in which the person themselves manifested their physical beauty?\""
"8345" "\"WAYNE — Authorities have arrested a registered sex offender on charges of having a sexually explicit chat with a teenage boy from Passaic County.\""
"8346" "\"President Clinton seemed to make at least a gesture toward the Tibetan cause while in China. Was it satisfactory to you?\""
"8347" "\"The surrounding area is teaming with outdoor activities: kayaking, hiking, skiing and horseback riding among them. Or, just wander among the rustic Adirondack-style bridges and gazebos of Roxbury’s 11-acre Kirkside Park any time of year.\""
"8348" "\"Chiarelli said he is “not inclined” to trade a goalie — Thomas — but you can bet he will explore precisely that. He’d be nuts not to. Thomas has one year left on his contract, with a $5 million cap hit but just $3 million salary. His no-trade/no-movement clause is gone as of July 1.\""
"8349" "\"Both models come with automatic climate control, an eight-way power-adjustable driver's seat and a power sunroof. The Avalon distinguishes itself with standard leather upholstery, while the Maxima gets standard push-button start and a passive entry system. Both models are closely matched, though the Maxima cost $1,135 less before financing or incentives. Toyota is offering either 1.9% APR financing or $500 off of the dated Avalon, while Nissan is offering 0.9% financing and $500 or $1,500 cash back on its aged Maxima.\""
"8350" "\"The commercial helped propel Chrysler to a 26% sales increase in the U.S. in 2011  the most of any major automaker. Chrysler also finished the year with total global sales of more than 2 million, meeting the objective of a five-year plan Marchionne laid out in 2009 after Fiat gained a 20% stake in the Auburn Hills automaker.\""
"8351" "\"Workers in Brook Park's Cleveland Engine Plant No. 1 have been waiting for the F-150 engine for months. The plant expects to add a second shift to handle demand for both the EcoBoost engine and the 3.7 liter V-6. Brook Park workers are also building the 3.7 liter engine for the Mustang muscle car.\""
"8352" "\"Billboards have gone up around Atlantic City promoting the value sell with the slogan \\"Finally, a casino for the rest of us.\\"\""
"8353" "\"\\"You can't take one play off with those guys because they'll punish you,\\" Meara said.\""
"8354" "\"Ortiz-Oliva was so brazen, Bickers said, that even after he suspected police and federal agents were listening to his phone calls, he soldiered on, speaking in code and regularly switching cellular lines.\""
"8355" "\"The video ended with a pep talk from Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis. Wearing a new cartoon-bird Orioles cap and jersey, Lewis gave the team a message about competition and being accountable.\""
"8356" "\"There are two major reasons for decanting: to aerate a wine, which allows old wines to reveal their scents and eases up tough young wines, and to remove sediment from a wine.\""
"8357" "\"This will be Lopez's third divorce, though she says she still believes in love. Anthony was previously married to former Miss Universe Dayanara Torres, and married Lopez four days after his divorce from Torres was final.\""
"8358" "\"Fouch pushed a shot by Rowan for the 2-0 lead.\""
"8359" "\"Before being ordered to prison, Jeffrey Fisher offered an emotional apology for causing the crash that killed his girlfriend, 30-year-old Eva Meyers of Carol Stream.\""
"8360" "\"He was there just a few minutes, but before he left, a female student asked if she could ask one question. The president leaned in to listen, then stepped back, raised his hand and gave her a high-five, followed by a fist bump.\""
"8361" "\"Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu had asked the Gila County sheriff's office and that county attorney's office to \\"look into allegations of human rights violations, threatening and intimidating, misuse of public resources, theft of property, theft of identity, fraud and impersonation.\\"\""
"8362" "\"\\"I know that many of you are greatly — and rightly — concerned about the recent shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin, a young man whose future has been lost to the ages,\\" Holder told the 14th annual convention of the National Action Network.\""
"8363" "\"A modern mayor \\"doesn't just go on trips for the purpose of raising the city's visibility,\\" Adams said. \\"I try to sell locally made products, big products that put people to work.\\"\""
"8364" "\"Since 1970, the number of people with hunting licenses in California has fallen 61 percent, to just 268,000 last year, even as the state population has doubled.\""
"8365" "\"“We knew that we were going to staff this one,” said Sorge after the contest. “Sometimes when you get backed up with some rainouts you hate to have, particularly, your better guys sit and wait. We’ll just keep them on a rotation and get their work in. We’ve got conference games on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, so today, instead of them ‘penning’ (‘bull-penning’) them, (we put them) on some inning counts. They just went out there (pointing to the pitcher’s mound) to do some work instead of doing it over there (motioning to the bullpen). I think we could have thrown in the bullpen, but you get a little bit different juice flowing through your veins when you’re out there in a game. So that’s obviously a little bit more productive.”\""
"8366" "\"On the field, Tressel was indisputably a great coach. He was 9-1 against Michigan. It was a Christmas present record, only to be dreamed of before him, a vision dancing like sugar plums in Ohio State fans' heads.\""
"8367" "\"Forman could be seen laughing and smiling with Thibodeau and executive vice president of basketball operations John Paxson on the practice floor. He admitted to obviously feeling sorry for Rose but joined the chorus of those not accepting sympathy for the Bulls' championship chances.\""
"8368" "\"44. Toronto - Junior Burgos, M, Cal Poly-San Luis Obispo.\""
"8369" "\"What: Conductor Bill Ives takes a refreshing look at Durufle's masterpiece, performing a lesser-known version of the work for choir, small orchestra and organ. Martin Ford presents several Durufle curios for solo organ, but the headliner is the all-male choir and soloists, whose men and boys produce a solemn, ethereal sound all their own.\""
"8370" "\"\\"This is the future of what we will be doing,\\" said Eric Strom, a unit chief in the FBI's Cyber Division. \\"Until there is a change in legal system, both inside and outside the United States, to get up to speed with the cyber problem, we will have to go down these paths, trail-blazing if you will, on these types of investigations.\\"\""
"8371" "\"Tyler Gearhart, Baltimore\""
"8372" "\"Quarterback David Garrard, upon signing with the Dolphins after a one-year absence from the NFL.\""
"8373" "\"10 Taney Dr, $2,500\""
"8374" "\"Rocklin 12 6 15 8 8  49\""
"8375" "\"\\"I have been the one who has publicly, along with the president, been very, very critical of some of our European allies for not fully embracing Turkey in the economic union, for not fully embracing Turkey as part of Europe. The way we look at Turkey is, it's the gateway, it's the hinge between the east and west. It has inordinate influence,\\" he said.\""
"8376" "\"Congressman Steve LaTourette is a self-described huge proponent of infrastructure spending, because, he says, it generates good-paying jobs and spurs economic development.\""
"8377" "\"Bertens ran away with the second set, conceding only two points on her serve. Pous-Tio managed to win only 41 percent of her first-serve points.\""
"8378" "\"This could be the beginning of your end — like when Rim Tim Tim Murray rope-a-doped about releasing his cellphone calls.\""
"8379" "\"Ultimately, I was influenced by what seems to be the hottest club in golf this year: the Taylor Made RocketBallz 3-wood. Taylor Made said it's typical that a golfer would gain 17 yards.\""
"8380" "\"She noted the Food and Drug Administration has said it has prevented more than 100 new shortages in 2011. That's partly because of an executive order President Obama issued on Oct. 31 to address the shortages, with provisions requiring more manufacturers to report potential shortages in advance to the FDA.\""
"8381" "\"In contrast, when Americans born in 1980 turned 30 in 2010, they averaged about eight months more schooling than their parents.\""
"8382" "\"Oregon tied with California in August for the nation's fourth-highest unemployment rate, at 12.2 percent.\""
"8383" "\"A 6-foot-2 graduate of Lake Forest Academy in suburban Chicago, Ennis just completed his freshman season at Rice. He started 27 of 35 games, averaged 8.5 points, 4.3 rebounds and 4.1 assists, and made Conference USA’s all-freshman team. He scored 14 or more points nine times, including a season-high 21 against East Carolina.\""
"8384" "\"Tina Fey - 30 Rock\""
"8385" "\"Boiled down, that was Hay's argument about Paideia keeping its charter. He lost. The judge ruled against the school, though he didn't address the issue of test scores.\""
"8386" "\"Authorities said five men went on to the jetty about 7 p.m. Thursday night to fish, but two of the men, seeing the rising tide, climbed off to shore in the pre-dawn hours.\""
"8387" "\"Mara Worley and Hannah Schneider scored early in the second half to give Lafayette a 9-6 advantage.\""
"8388" "\"NEW YORK -- Maybe American consumers are better off than everybody thought.\""
"8389" "\"I've been collecting some of this year's best and worst advice\""
"8390" "\"Can anyone disagree that far too many residents in Central Indiana have put themselves at serious risk because they smoke, weigh too much and don't exercise enough?\""
"8391" "\"1. In a large sauté pan over high, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add mushrooms and sauté until well-browned, about 8 to 10 minutes. Lower the heat to medium-high, then add shallots and onion. Sauté for 6 to 8 minutes or until onion softens. Add potatoes; cook until potatoes are tender and beginning to brown. Season with soy sauce and black pepper to taste.\""
"8392" "\"Re: your editorial for state Assembly District 18 (\\"Bonta: grasp of the issues,\\" Insight, May 6).\""
"8393" "\"Another rumor has the Timbers close to signing striker Kenny Cooper from TSV 1860 Munich, a team that plays in the Bundesliga 2, one division below the top-flight Bundesliga.\""
"8394" "\"Barbara Beach*\""
"8395" "\"Chubby Checker, Stevie Wonder, Peter Asher, a \\"Pyramid\\" contestant who said Clark gave her a nice massage to make her feel at ease – the K-Earth morning show became a gathering place for all of us to appreciate the joy Clark brought to our lives. Bryan said, \\"He was such a humble person on TV, but he was a powerhouse, a very focused guy, very driven, and he had a healthy insecurity whether he was going to work after his stroke. He said 'It was so depressing for him. Take away my voice, how am I going to make a living?'\\"\""
"8396" "\"Even with its abbreviated length, “Babies” can drag a bit, as well; there are long stretches when the photography isn’t much more exciting than a nanny-snooping security cam. And the lack of subtitles immediately marginalizes many of the subjects.\""
"8397" "\"No students? No problem about the atmosphere at Kansas for Wednesday's league opener against Kansas State.\""
"8398" "\"“It’s tough,” Sabathia said. “We just need to do whatever we can to step up — try to fill the void of the best closer to ever play baseball. Obviously, it’s going to be real tough.”\""
"8399" "\"The 685-page proposal by Illinois to get a \\"waiver\\" from these mandates now awaits approval by theU.S. Department of Education, which could come as early as May. The document reviewed by the Tribune reveals what are guaranteed to be hotly debated changes. These include:\""
"8400" "\"If you have information about any of these crimes, call the Towson Precinct at 410-887-2361.\""
"8401" "\"DiVincenzo, who spoke at the Essex County Hospital Center in Cedar Grove, looked back on a tenure during which he turned a $64 million deficit into a $54 million surplus, a financial cushion and rainy-day fund since tapped heavily, leaving just $9.2 million for fiscal 2010.\""
"8402" "\"Sony had warned earlier Monday that data loss could have occurred if gamers continued using the machines before the fix was made. The company would not say how many users were affected by the problem, which included errors such as the date of the systems being reset to Jan. 1, 2000. Other issues included an error message saying the user has been logged out of the online game network.\""
"8403" "\"He has requested his file from the FBI under the Freedom of Information Act, but for now plans no air travel.\""
"8404" "\"\\"When gas prices started soaring, I spent the first week fueling up at the half-tank point -- so I would be paying only 'half' the price. I continued driving my clients through Laguna Beach at a good pace. Only now, I usually seek out the shorter routes from hilltops. Soaring prices or not, a realtor must do what it takes for her clients.\\"\""
"8405" "\"In the pre-wild-card era, the 1992 Orioles -- led by 23-year-old Mike Mussina's 18 victories -- posted an 89-73 record, but they wound up in third place in the AL East and didn't make the playoffs after finishing seven games behind the eventual World Series champion Toronto Blue Jays.\""
"8406" "\"However, Samsung is still less than half Apple's size, which at close to $350 billion has it competing with Exxon Mobil for the world's most valuable company.\""
"8407" "\"Portland 9\""
"8408" "\"Divide soup into bowls and top with chili flakes to taste and a squeeze of fresh lime juice.\""
"8409" "\"\\"Well, it isn't. If you don't know what you can't do by your 50s, your brain is probably still in its 20s.\\"\""
"8410" "\"Pons, 138 pounds in 2A, went 2-2 and was eliminated from the tournament in consolations in a pin in 2:15 by Paonia's Adrian Lopez. Lopez finished in third place.\""
"8411" "\"Once your pop-culture legacy has cross-pollinated with the Kennedys, you're branded forever. You become inescapably embroiled in too-many-to-count conspiracy theories, sordid memoirs and bad TV movies. Monroe has been played on the small screen by Catherine Hicks, Mira Sorvino, Ashley Judd, Charlotte Sullivan and Poppy Montgomery, among many others, in films about her or about her and the Kennedys.\""
"8412" "\"11. Marriotts Ridge, 65\""
"8413" "\"More on this coming\""
"8414" "\"Bocadillos' chicken skewers feature lemon zest, fresh herbs and freshly ground cumin, coriander and fennel seed -- North African flavors that arrived in Spain with the Moors. Petzold grinds the whole mixture together in a meat grinder, but a food processor works at home.\""
"8415" "\"One of the gulls was dead and the other died shortly afterward, she said.\""
"8416" "\"The preschool classes meet Monday-Thursday for 2½ hours a day. Transportation is not provided for peer model students.\""
"8417" "\"Her clothes were puddled on the floor where she had stepped out of them the night before, and on her unmade bed was an open book, \\"Dancing in Heaven.\\"\""
"8418" "\"His departure had been expected because he will reach the mandatory retirement age for Fed bank presidents of 65 in September.\""
"8419" "\"After retiring from the CIA in 1987, George was a private consultant for various individuals and companies, including Feld Entertainment, whose holdings include the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus.\""
"8420" "\"\\"It was a little different than center, but I just had fun last year playing guard,\\" Fraley said.\""
"8421" "\"For many years, Garbani searched for Native American artifacts within a hundred-mile radius of the San Jacinto Valley.\""
"8422" "\"A 2002 Rutgers report said the state had struggled to gauge its progress and prepare an exit strategy.\""
"8423" "\"Indeed, by some indicators, Americans get less medical care than people in other advanced countries. The number of practicing doctors (2.4 per 1,000 population) is fewer than the OECD average (3.1 per 1,000), as is the number of annual doctor consultations (3.9 per capita in the United States versus 6.5 for the OECD average).\""
"8424" "\"It would have been a substantial blow to lose Aldridge for any length of time. In his fifth NBA season, Aldridge has become the focal point of the franchise after playing the best basketball of his career over the past six weeks.\""
"8425" "\"\\"I agree this is the right time to pass the baton to new leadership, and I have complete confidence in Thorsten, the management team and the company,\\" Balsillie said in the statement. \\"I remain a significant shareholder and a director and, of course, they will have my full support.\\"\""
"8426" "\"Still, the NTIA's report suggests that commercial users shouldn't cling to the hope that the government will clear federal users off of much of the spectrum they control. It's costly, and there's nowhere for them to go that's not already occupied. Rapidly increasing connectivity and mobile data traffic will require more efficient and intensive use of the available spectrum, and sharing frequencies is part of the equation. Kudos to the NTIA for pushing the government in that direction.\""
"8427" "\"There were noticeable slights and some welcome surprises. Leonardo DiCaprio was not nominated for Best Actor for \\"J. Edgar\\" but Rooney Mara was nominated for her breakout performance in \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" for Best Actress while Melissa McCarthy got a nod for Best Supporting Actress for \\"Bridesmaids.\\"\""
"8428" "\"Suarez is the last of those politicians still in office. Two others were convicted. Twenty defendants in the case have pleaded guilty.\""
"8429" "\"The same can't be said for the Thunder, who have an uneasy relationship with their SuperSonics history.\""
"8430" "\"Stupidity, though, also has its place.\""
"8431" "\"The university says it acted appropriately in how it notified the campus that day and has exercised its right to the appeals hearing. It says that it followed standard protocols in place on campuses then and that the department is holding it to a higher standard than was in place at the time.\""
"8432" "\"Although it's open only six hours a day (except Sunday, when lunch adds four hours), Wiederholt's serves more than 1,500 happy diners a week. Specialties include beef (in various forms), pork ribs, fried chicken and walleye. Snag the right seat at the bar and the window in front of you perfectly frames a metal grain silo across the street. Take that, Capital Grille! Info: www.wiederholts.com.\""
"8433" "\"Tonight's town hall is part of national program called the \\"American Graduate: Let's Make it Happen,\\" airing on dozens of PBS stations across the country.\""
"8434" "\"And he did get it back, passing Denny Hamlin for 10th place on lap 168.\""
"8435" "\"May 09, 2012 07:46 PM EDT\""
"8436" "\"Portland defender Lovel Palmer appeared to hurt his right wrist and went to the sidelines in the 77th minute, but returned to the match.\""
"8437" "\"When the Peoria Sports Complex opened in 1994, Peoria, Ariz., was barely a blip on the map, and it initiated the league's movement into the West Valley. It's 11 miles from Camelback Ranch and is home to the San Diego Padres, the Dodgers' fierce rivals, and the could-be-fearsome Seattle Mariners.\""
"8438" "\"And when it's often difficult to predict a law's impact, legislators should think twice before carrying any bill. Is it absolutely necessary? Is it an issue serious enough to merit their attention? Will it definitely not make the situation worse?\""
"8439" "\"4. Add the clams; cover the pot and cook until a few clams have opened, 3-4 minutes. Add the mussels; cover the pot and cook until a few mussels have opened, about 2 minutes. Add the scallops; cover the pot and cook until all clams and mussels are opened, usually 2 minutes.\""
"8440" "\"Jones would call it a draw. And he ought to know, because he later played with the Who.\""
"8441" "\"\\"This idea that giving political contributions is a quid pro quo for positions is a myth,\\" he said. \\"Or at least it’s a myth in my world.\\"\""
"8442" "\"\\"My understanding is that Brookfield got lots of calls from many elected officials threatening them and saying, ... 'We're going to make your life more difficult,'\\" he said on his weekly radio show.\""
"8443" "\"The withdrawal of Newman Haas Racing's entry puts the spotlight on the new MSR Indy team owned by Michael Shank, a one-time Indy Racing League driver who fielded the sports car team that won the 24 Hours of Daytona in January. Shank announced an entry last week, but he doesn't have an engine to put in it and time is ticking.\""
"8444" "\"Blues are NHL's Cubs\""
"8445" "\"øMost of us who run small companies want to sell as many products and services as we can. When we plan to grow, one of the first things we think of is products or services to add to our existing lines. Our thinking goes something like this: \\"More choices, more sales.\\"\""
"8446" "\"Take a deep breath.\""
"8447" "\"FLEMING — They are the gold standard.\""
"8448" "\"Ogburn hasn't lost a Bay Rivers District or Region I match. Twice he's advanced to the state final. As a freshman he lost by a point at 103 pounds, and last year he was beaten at 119. As a junior, Ogburn placed fourth.\""
"8449" "\"\\"We certainly didn't want to do anything to step on anybody's toes,\\" Buettner said. \\"We just thought a parade was missing this summer in Stillwater and we applied. I deny any cronyism. I don't know what cronyism is but if it's a good old boys club, I'm not a member yet.\\"\""
"8450" "\"Gosling has become an interesting and slightly unreadable actor — there are secrets in those eyes — and Giamatti and Hoffman have always been at their best handling smart, angry dialogue. As director, Clooney wisely gets out of their way, and lets them have at it.\""
"8451" "\"No doubt , Town Square might've put shopping on his mind. Imagine Mom, Pop, Junior and Sis jumping out of their Plymouth, arms weighted with candy-cane-striped packages fresh from a successful shopping outing on Main Street. Some faux snow and you have yet another fantasy land on the Las Vegas Strip.\""
"8452" "\"The Oscar-winning Dench, perhaps best known as James Bond's mysterious boss M, has been dealing with two different forms of macular generation -- one in each eye. According to Reuters, she can no longer read scripts and has to have someone read them out loud to her, \\"like reading me a story.\\"\""
"8453" "\"Facebook took another big step toward creating the largest Internet public stock offering in history Thursday, but now the Menlo Park company is faced with the formidable task of convincing skeptical investors that the 8-year-old social network is worth more than $90 billion.\""
"8454" "\"In a settlement reached this week between Tracy Dossman, 42, and the state, Dossman admits no \\"guilt or culpability\\" but has agreed to stop working with vulnerable children and adults.\""
"8455" "\"Larsen, a junior, notched a two-run time of 2 minutes, 1.09 seconds on the Bear Trap course at Beaver Creek, just back of VanHee's 2:00.67. The top five skiers were within 1.33 seconds of each other.\""
"8456" "\"When: 9 a.m.-1 p.m.\""
"8457" "\"'UNFOUNDED' COMPLAINTS\""
"8458" "\"\\"These guys are just young kids,\\" Gujral says, reminding me of my own grizzled perspective. \\"They're going off to dangerous missions, and we just want to make them feel at home.\\"\""
"8459" "\"2 El Paseo Lane, Mill Valley; (415) 384-8087. 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday to Sunday.\""
"8460" "\"\\"Right here!\\" he yelled from midstream. \\"Gotta hit the bank! This way! That's the end! That's the shore! It gets shallow!\\"\""
"8461" "\"Or even homemade options like the Alfredo potato recipe I got from a certain local legislator (thank you, Mr. Speaker).\""
"8462" "\"The Church at Pierce Creek case is not even analogous to the Pulpit Initiative. The Pulpit Initiative is not about churches running full-page political ads in newspapers. Indeed, in that case, the church never asserted that placing the ad was part of its free exercise of religion. In contrast, a pastor speaking from the pulpit to his congregation is the \\"core\\" of the free exercise of religion. As you must know, no federal court has ever been confronted with a constitutional challenge to the government's restriction on what a pastor says from the pulpit. The point of the Pulpit Initiative is to create a legal precedent that restores the right of pastors to speak freely from the pulpit without government censorship or control.\""
"8463" "\"\\"There's Something About Mary\\" (1998): Usually cited as the Farrelly brothers' best movie (though some of us have a soft spot for \\"Kingpin\\"), the story follows Ted (Ben Stiller), who has long loved Mary (Cameron Diaz). He gets another shot at dating her 13 years after a hilariously disastrous prom date. But Healy (Matt Dillon), the private detective Ted hires to follow Mary, falls for her, too. What makes the movie work is the stars' willingness to do anything for a laugh; think of the hair-gel scene for proof.\""
"8464" "\"- Coos Bay with eight arrests (three after midnight)\""
"8465" "\"About 300 menehune statues were scattered throughout the resort and spotting them quickly became Hannah's favorite pursuit. They could be found under footbridges, inside the shave ice stand and atop bookcases. Hannah's favorite menehune was sleeping in the upper reaches of one of the elevators leading to our room. On more than one occasion we waited in the lobby for the menehune elevator to arrive.\""
"8466" "\"Two years earlier, the state board had voted to oppose national standards, curriculum and tests because they were worried national rules would \\"dumb down\\" high Missouri expectations. Shortly after Chris Nicastro was named the Missouri education commissioner, the state board voted to join.\""
"8467" "\"1 ancho (dried poblano) chili, stemmed\""
"8468" "\"CBS' “Face the Nation”: Former Gov. Haley Barbour, R-Miss.; Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa; Gov. Jerry Brown. KCBS/2 8 a.m.\""
"8469" "\"Indiana is doing well: The Ice are in the playoffs -- GO ICE! The Pacers are in the playoffs -- GO PACERS! And welcome to Indiana, Andrew Luck -- GO COLTS!\""
"8470" "\"The unions sued the county last April, claiming that its move to give the County Council the final say in labor disputes violated a county charter change that voters approved in a 2002 referendum. Last fall, an Anne Arundel County judge ruled that the charter amendment was invalid. The unions appealed; the county did as well.\""
"8471" "\"It would allocate $4.2 million for a 200-seat Sparks Elementary addition; $18 million for a new 700-seat Mays Chapel Elementary School; $34 million for Hereford High renovations and additions; and $18.5 million for a new elementary school in the county's northwest.\""
"8472" "\"Just how dominant were Bynum and his tall teammates against the NBA's highest-scoring team? Bynum blocked 11 percent of the Nuggets' 90 shots, and with 15 total blocks, Lakers swatted one of every six Denver shots, separating the Nuggets from any hope of a late rally.\""
"8473" "\"Now, that parade will finally happen. And when it's over, then the league's uncertainty will truly begin. Labor strife likely awaits, and although more talks geared toward movement on a new deal are scheduled for this week, both owners and players are bracing for a lockout to begin once the current collective bargaining agreement expires June 30.\""
"8474" "\"Stephanie Brown Trafton is the reigning Olympic discus champion and owns the farthest throw in the world so far this year.\""
"8475" "\"The NLD participated in elections on April 1 for the first time since 1990, when it won a landslide victory that was promptly annulled by the army.\""
"8476" "\"Nobody outside Berea thought winning was everything this season, though, even at that, Holmgren should recognize his own words are coming back to haunt him.\""
"8477" "\"\\"There are interesting things going on in the music world, which continues to change in terms of how music is made and distributed,\\" he said.\""
"8478" "\"To appreciate the Stooges' humor, you need to understand the Stooges. I soitainly hope so.\""
"8479" "\"\\"He destroyed that community,\\" Hesse said.\""
"8480" "\"Well, if you could, which members of the Patriots would be on that dart board? Who should be the bulls-eye? Tom Brady or Bill Belichick? Someone else? What about the other spots? To nominate someone to be on a Patriots dart board, drop down to the comments section and tell us.\""
"8481" "\"Eugene Pulliam was the influential owner of the Phoenix newspapers, and his wife, Nina, was a newspaperwoman in her own right and later became known for her charitable work. The Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust continues her efforts. Pullian died in 1975 and his widow in 1997.\""
"8482" "\"Crawford, who is a master falconer, invited Scott to accompany him while he trained one of his hawks. Scott followed up with a letter that would start their friendship.\""
"8483" "\"Young coaches identify with the kids and their idea of \\"fun.\\" They communicate what it would take for swimmers in each age group to be successful. Swimmers learn not only the correct strokes, but how to compete. Like other group activities, learning how to compete is paramount to surviving and succeeding on swim team before and during competition.\""
"8484" "\"Other studies have found that heart attack patients who go through exercise-based rehabilitation reduce their risk of dying by about 30%.\""
"8485" "\"\\"We've talked with our guys about (the ranking), and we've told them it's a heck of an honor for them and the school,\\" coach Kevin Walsh said, \\"but I think the way we maintain the focus of it all is just when we go to practice we're trying to get ready for our next opponent. Our guys have been really good. It's a senior group who has been through some really good times and been through some struggles. So I think they understand that rankings don't mean very much, at least right now they don't.\\"\""
"8486" "\"\\"This stuff helps to keep me positive,\\" she said.\""
"8487" "\"Favorite musician: Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, Kid Cudi and Vivaldi\""
"8488" "\"First impressions, including how Cleveland looks, acts and feels upon arrival.\""
"8489" "\"Neeson: Yeah, I was. There were a couple of days, old war wounds on my body from a few films, you know?\""
"8490" "\"basketball tournament championships we'll bring you tonight -- Fort Zumwalt West vs. Lafayette in the Randi Perkins Tournament final at Marquette at 7; Borgia (fresh off putting a halt to St. Dominic's 31-game winning streak in the semis) vs. Troy in the final of the Troy Trojan Invitational at 8; and Lutheran St. Charles against Francis Howell Central in the Lutheran St. Charles Tournament final at 8:15.\""
"8491" "\"- Tilde Herrera\""
"8492" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio -- It was a good day at the NBA office for the Cavaliers.\""
"8493" "\"øTypically, you need to spend money faster than it comes in: hiring staff, purchasing materials or inventory, renting facilities, buying equipment.\""
"8494" "\"\\"It's a tough situation to manage right now,\\" Leyland said Friday. \\"I gave him the night off (Wednesday in Seattle) and he bounced back real good. But he's not running full speed. I'm a little concerned about it.\\"\""
"8495" "\"The book introduces 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives in a post-apocalyptic world in the country of Panem, where North America once existed. The Capitol, a highly advanced metropolis, holds absolute power over the rest of the nation.\""
"8496" "\"Sanctions “haven't rolled back the Iranian program or even stopped it by one iota,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN.\""
"8497" "\"That same lopsided coverage has characterized the ongoing debate between Obama and the leaders of religious institutions that object to his contraception mandate. According to a Gallup poll released last week, 49 percent of men back the religious leaders in that dispute and 44 percent back Obama. The split among women is almost identical: 47 percent back Obama's critics and 46 percent back Obama.\""
"8498" "\"Jacobs also said that her organization looked into the zoning bylaws in Elmwood Park and found that they were too vague to be applied to the mural.\""
"8499" "\"2 handfuls arugula\""
"8500" "\"\\"There's tons of food, beverages and a lot people over the house,\\" said Eduardo. \\"Fireworks go off all over the place whenever Brazil scores a goal.\""
"8501" "\"I hope (the Match.com acquisition) just adds me to the pool of entrepreneurs based in Chicago who can provide mentorship and investment to Chicago startups,\\" he said. \\"The entire premise of Excelerate was that Chicago HAS the network of successful, talented entrepreneurs and investors to help young companies succeed.\\"\""
"8502" "\"Nashville will host Game 4 of this series on Friday.\""
"8503" "\"“We are now close to 70 percent of the people we traditionally serve,” said Rabner. “We’ve spent more than $3 million to improve intersections, including Harrison Street. About 150,000 cars go by daily (on Route 1), so traffic is moving. There is no evidence to suggest that a three-mile difference will put people at risk.”\""
"8504" "\"Dave Alvin & the Guilty Ones 8 p.m. Mar. 7. (ballroom). $10.\""
"8505" "\"\\"I wanted to see it, feel their spirit,\\" he said of the 2,753 people killed in New York City that clear September day. \\"I wanted to say ‘thank you.’ \\"\""
"8506" "\"“I was a little bit like, ‘Damn, we need to get going,’ ” sophomore Patrik Auda said. “Then we hit two good 3s and started to play good defense. That’s what it was.”\""
"8507" "\"(05-13) 14:29 PDT Burbank, Calif. (AP) --\""
"8508" "\"Their points came only on free throws, but that wasn’t nearly enough to overcome the Grizzlies, who overpowered them inside. The Clippers actually made nine of their last 10 free throws, but that's little consolation.\""
"8509" "\"Kesselring was equal to the task. She fought her way out of the back by coming wide on the bell lap to bring the Ducks home in 11 minutes 5.85 seconds. It wasn’t enough to catch Washington, which won the race in 11:05.20, But it was good enough to leave Lananna where he wanted to be heading into the final day of the meet.\""
"8510" "\"$146,285: Average price in the suburbs through October, down from $156,913 during the same period of 2010.\""
"8511" "\"Other fugitives wanted by the Gloucester County Prosecutor's Office can be viewed on the GCPO Web site: www.co.gloucester.nj.us/depts/p/prosoffice.\""
"8512" "\"Shamsid-Din Abdur-Raheem, 21, of Galloway Township, is charged with murder and kidnapping in the death of his daughter, Zara Malani-Lin Abdur-Raheem, and remains in custody at the Essex County Jail.\""
"8513" "\"But first, I have a game for you to play:\""
"8514" "\"Saunders chuckles when Tugwell's comments are relayed. It's funny, he said, since he learned everything about keeping his emotions in check from Tugwell.\""
"8515" "\"The east side is already home to a handful of smaller synagogues and organizations, including the fast-growing Shir Tikvah, which holds services in Northeast Portland. New this fall is the Kehillah Hadashah congregation (loosely translated as \\"A New Community\\"), which will host its first High Holy Days services next week out of the Sunnyside Methodist Church at 34th and Yamhill.\""
"8516" "\"When Chrysler wanted Spitzer to sell its own extended warranties, Spitzer preferred to stick with offering third-party packages.\""
"8517" "\"What: Northeast Ohio Chapter of the United States Green Building Council workshop, \\"Building Design and Construction: The LEED Implementation Process\\"\""
"8518" "\"Warren said she wasn't comfortable discussing how much the hospital paid KSDK for the project.\""
"8519" "\"The ceremony ended with a concert of songs, many of which were dedicated to Berdymukhamedov and referred to him repeatedly as \\"Arkadag.\\"\""
"8520" "\"The city has a $48.6 million operating budget for the current fiscal year and an anticipated $49.8 million budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1.\""
"8521" "\"A report from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in 1999 showed a correlation between increased leukemia cases and exposure to electromagnetic fields, but Turman said the issue is still an open question.\""
"8522" "\"There is much to be sorted out as the team enters the offseason. Players, coaches and management all have work to do to ensure the Kings aren't in this position again next season.\""
"8523" "\"A REAL CELEBRATION — Newton D. Baker School of Arts in West Park celebrated Kermit the Frog’s 57th birthday (can you believe it?) with a silent art auction, variety program and collection of non-perishable food to benefit the Bountiful Basement, a West Park food bank.\""
"8524" "\"I'm fresh off two bad experiences at Los Angeles International that made me wonder if the rental car companies are purposefully trying to make life as miserable as possible for customers who wander onto their lots without a RapidRez or Wizard number.\""
"8525" "\"\\"I thought we deserved a little better,\\" said defenseman Brad Stuart, off whose skate ricocheted Nashville's first goal. \\"But that's why they call it a series. There's more than one game and we have the opportunity to make up for it. We're just going to come out and continue with the same effort we had in the last two periods.\\"\""
"8526" "\"Training is free and program officials expect to place 85 percent of the graduates. NewBridge is modeled after Manchester Bidwell Corp. in Pittsburgh, which focuses on training unemployed or underemployed adults for in-demand jobs, said Jeffrey Johnson, NewBridge's executive director. Though these two classes will be the first to graduate, program officials are confident placement targets will be met. Johnson said courses are offered only after detailed research of the local labor market confirms that jobs for such positions will be plentiful for years to come. The program also forms partnerships with prospective employers.\""
"8527" "\"The report said an average of 410 prisoners arrive each month, and they will stay an average of three years.\""
"8528" "\"In Chinese and Portuguese, with subtitles.\""
"8529" "\"Associated PressSen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., right, served on President Obama's Deficit Reduction Commission and may have enough street cred on the right to sell its recommendations -- if he chooses to try.6-1=0: Serious deficit hawks fear that GOP Sen. Tom Coburn's decision to take a sabbatical from the Gang of Six means that there will be no comprehensive budget deal in this Congress. No matter how much the Grover Norquist crowd berated him for even considering higher taxes, Coburn's conservative credentials are so solid that he might have provided cover for other Republicans to accept a compromise combining added revenue with entitlement reforms and lower spending. But with Coburn stepping away from the closed-door talks -- some reports say he grew frustrated with Democratic reluctance to reining in Medicare and Social Security; others suggest he's weary of attacks from the right -- it's unlikely the remaining five will continue meeting, let alone reach a deal. And no one expects much from the negotiations being led by VP Joe Biden, except perhaps a limited-scope agreement that allows Speaker John Boehner to persuade his Tea Party brigade to raise the debt limit until after the 2012 elections.\""
"8530" "\"The gist of the book is a narration Grace puts together at the behest of her lawyers as they try to find an argument to save her from the gallows for a crime yet to be revealed. We learn through her narrative that she was returning from London with her wealthy husband when the Empress Alexandra luxury liner suffered an unexplained explosion and sank in the North Atlantic.\""
"8531" "\"\\"At camp if I run the two 40 times that they want to see me run, then I'll have an offer from Mizzou,\\" he said.\""
"8532" "\"Cleveland, it seems, has finally gotten serious about responding to the horrifying sexual violence that is routinely visited upon women – especially its poorest, who were generally deemed voiceless.\""
"8533" "\"When officers exited the car and called out to Morrone, the cops saw him place his right hand into his pants pocket, pull out an unknown item and put it in his mouth in an attempt to swallow it, reports said.\""
"8534" "\"Early Tuesday afternoon, police say two officers witnessed what they believed to be a drug transaction at the Church's Chicken at Riverview and Thekla Avenue.\""
"8535" "\"A few aren't married and some say they brought women back to their rooms but didn't pay for sex, according to a person familiar with the matter. Some of the men have said that there was heavy drinking and that their inability to speak Spanish caused misunderstandings with women they didn't know would charge for sex, this person said.\""
"8536" "\"The federal labor department also recently released its final revised figures for 2011, which shows New Jersey’s job growth still trails behind most states.\""
"8537" "\"A: Hey, Josh: I do believe they see Thompson as a starting power forward, but he has lots of work to do offensively. His offensive deficiencies are made more glaring by the lack of scoring around him. The Cavs are hoping a strong summer and a chance to work with Zydrunas Ilgauskas will help. Obviously, if the Cavs won the lottery, they should take Davis and proceed accordingly.\""
"8538" "\"Salutatorian: Cameron Noe, 18, 4.8 GPA. President of the Highland High Robotics, volunteers at Liberty Wildlife in Scottsdale, member of National Honor Society and Gilbert Toastmasters International. Won $48,000 in scholarships and will attend ASU's Barrett Honors College to become a bioengineer.\""
"8539" "\"\\"The transportation system does not end at the end of the Parkway or the end of the Turnpike,\\" said Simpson, who chairs the authority. \\"It’s a network. People need to get all over the state, around the state, they take all sorts of roads. So that has to be paid for someplace.\\"\""
"8540" "\"Some private investment firms get into managing organizations on a more granular level and that's just not what TSG brings to the table. I have a conversation about once a month with my counterpart there, and they certainly get involved from a board standpoint quarterly. But if we did our job and did it well, they would let us manage our company the way we did prior to their investment. As a kind of a distant cousin of that brand (Stumptown), I can say they couldn't have chosen a better private equity firm as a partner.\""
"8541" "\"TRENTON — Gov. Chris Christie is planning to scold the Democrat-controlled Legislature today in a special session he ordered for work on property tax reform.\""
"8542" "\"Hale, a former Microsoft employee and a private investigator, argues she was preparing an article for her website, Pornafia, on the infiltration of pornography on the Internet when she posted her comments about Too Much Media Inc. in 2008.\""
"8543" "\"“My experience, my speed and power will make a lot of difference” versus Alvarez, Mosley said. “The original plan might’ve been that I’m through, but maybe now they know I’m not through.\""
"8544" "\"RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - North Carolina voters overwhelmingly passed a constitutional amendment that defines marriage as solely between a man and a woman, but not much is expected to change immediately.\""
"8545" "\"Ripley's officials will hold a press conference on the attractions planned for the site at 4:30 p.m., with Wallenda's walk to follow at 5:15 p.m. The walk is expected to take about 15 minutes and will go on as planned if rain in the forecast remains light, spokesman Tim O'Brien said.\""
"8546" "\"\\"It used to be that every time the University of Denver beat the University of Colorado, he made me call him,\\" said Beattie, 79. \\"But recently it's been the other way around, and I have yet to hear the phone ring my way. I don't think Otto is a very good sport, frankly.\""
"8547" "\"\\"As we talked about when we informed Chris and Lee of these moves, this does not close the door on them coming back to the Ravens.\\"\""
"8548" "\"She said her ex-husband spent a lot of time studying the cases of Ramsey and Polly Klaas, who was abducted from her Petaluma, Calif., home and slain in 1993.\""
"8549" "\"The third of four boys, Veysey was born in Chicago 30 years ago this May.\""
"8550" "\"Driving around this area can be confusing, so take along a local map. You can use it to chart out the same two-day itinerary I followed during a trip earlier this year.\""
"8551" "\"Ed Barmakian/For The Star-Ledger\""
"8552" "\"Friday, August 12\""
"8553" "\"From a Rams' perspecitve what happens if Southern California offensive tackle Matt Kalil, Oklahoma State wide receiver Justin Blackmon and Louisiana State cornerback Morris Claiborne are the next three picks, in order, to Minnesota, Cleveland and Tampa Bay?\""
"8554" "\"If Vilma's appeal or potential legal maneuvers succeed, he may have a chance to prove he can come back and play the way he did before 2011. Otherwise, he might have to wait until the 2013 season.\""
"8555" "\"She was driving down East 33rd Street on Cleveland's near East Side when she saw movers taking furniture out of St. Josaphat Roman Catholic Church. The circa-1915 church had been closed and put up for sale by the Cleveland Catholic Diocese.\""
"8556" "\"\\"The amazing thing is, we hadn't called or contacted any of those folks,\\" Wright said. \\"It was all word-of-mouth. We had groups from all over, asking how they could help. It was incredible.\\"\""
"8557" "\"WASHINGTON -- Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner says he doesn't know if the bruising debt-limit battle will harm America's Triple-A credit rating, but says he fears \\"world confidence was damaged by this spectacle.\\"\""
"8558" "\"DWI\""
"8559" "\"'Beat 'em to the punch'\""
"8560" "\"One more thing, as Terry Pluto always says, \\"Give the man a chance to fail before you say he's failed and people are turning on him.\\"\""
"8561" "\"Swanson has no plans to back down.\""
"8562" "\"John Sr. is a New York City policeman but has been a lifelong Rams fan.\""
"8563" "\"Nor is it a bad plan. It is, to quote military expert Tony Cordesman, \\"Afghan Good Enough.\\" It provides necessary relief for our armed forces. It reminds Afghanistan and its leaders that, ultimately, it is their job to secure their own nation, cut their own deals and govern appropriately. It promises no unseemly rush for the exits, but rather another decade of assistance, including military assistance, with the work of special operations forces continuing on the ground.\""
"8564" "\"“It truly is a privilege and an honor to welcome Butler University as the newest member to the Atlantic 10,” league Commissioner Bernadette McGlade said. “The decision to accept Butler was an easy one and a unanimous one. Butler is a strong institution located within a very important geographic footprint in the Atlantic 10.”\""
"8565" "\"DeBoer said Harrold \\"was very good. I liked our whole defensive corps. Florida is a very fast team. You talk to people around the league and the first thing that comes out of their mouth when they talk about Florida is their speed. I thought we handled it well.\\"\""
"8566" "\"Dogs figure in this year's presidential campaign. Already I've seen bumper stickers for \\"Dogs Against Romney.\\" The phrase results from a Romney family trip to Canada in 1983, when Mitt put Seamus, their Irish setter, in a carrier strapped to the roof of their car. Seamus responded with diarrhea, and Mitt had to hose down the car when they stopped for gas.\""
"8567" "\"BURROUGHS\""
"8568" "\"Occupation: Graphic designer at Shiffler Equipment in Chardon\""
"8569" "\"18. Vanderbilt\""
"8570" "\"Cordova called 911, but the dispatcher didn’t immediately send help, Moses pointed out. Instead, the dispatcher called back more than two minutes later and “asked a lot of questions,” Moses said.\""
"8571" "\"Compromising the identity and current job security of the candidates certainly wasn't an irresolvable problem for Howard County, which had some of the same finalists as Baltimore County. If residents there had the opportunity to question the candidates live and in person, why didn't Baltimore County do the same? The entire public interview session in Howard County can be viewed by anyone who wants to watch it.\""
"8572" "\"Dear Left: Interesting that you got to look in on your own circumstances as a third party; not everyone gets that opportunity, or recognizes it for what it is.\""
"8573" "\"\\"We are in a changed fiscal environment that requires government to deliver services in a different way,\\" he said. \\"We aren't representing or suggesting the funding in this innovation fund will be commensurate with the losses experienced.\\"\""
"8574" "\"Sun's roster.\""
"8575" "\"“We know that what happens today will affect us five years later,” Damminger said. “We may not be here next year, or three years from now, but we all pay taxes here, so why would I handcuff someone just to have a tax cut and make it look good for one year.”\""
"8576" "\"For two weeks in March, students, teachers and administrators at Millennium High School in Goodyear were besieged with anonymous Facebook comments ridiculing their work ethic, social status, physical appearance and sexual relationships.\""
"8577" "\"The cause of the bleeding that sent her to Doernbecher was never determined. Follow-up appointments over six months, however, signified a turn for the better. Her blood count level increased, and she remains healthy.\""
"8578" "\"Those folks are miffed that Mizzou abandoned the Big 12 Conference and subjected the remaining schools to much unwanted angst as the league scrambled to survive.\""
"8579" "\"Colt McCoy's future is asked about repeatedly, and Holmgren suggests that the Browns could easily have all four quarterbacks -- including Seneca Wallace and Thaddeus Lewis -- in camp in the fall.\""
"8580" "\"Under a gray Madrid sky that reflected the dark national mood, 25-year Adriana Jaime turned out to march. Jaime speaks three languages and has a masters degree as a translator, but works for what she derided as peanuts in a university research project that has been cut from three years to three months due to a lack of funds.\""
"8581" "\"On the verge of tears, the former Fox News Channel host described a prayer in which he asked for help to love people he wants to hate. \\"You will find yourself one day actually feeling bad for them because they are so miserable inside and you will actually weep for them,\\" he said.\""
"8582" "\"It seems somewhat odd Mats Zuccarello just cannot play in the NHL. Maybe he can’t. There are, after all, educated people with the best interests of the organization at heart paid to make these decisions who have watched Zuccarello all season, but I must say, I find it strange a Rangers team always looking for pace and creativity doesn’t have a minute to spare for him.\""
"8583" "\"\\"I remember going over this again and again with Sorensen,\\" Caro says. \\"He wouldn't agree with me.\\"\""
"8584" "\"One of Green’s relatives contacts police, saying Green might surrender.\""
"8585" "\"The disaster is blamed largely on Texas' yearlong drought, one of the most severe dry spells the state has ever seen.\""
"8586" "\"Goodwin thought about walking away, but it was too late to go to another dealership and still qualify for the manufacturer's promotion. So he begrudgingly paid the fee.\""
"8587" "\"Fourth-grade teacher Michelle Grossmayer, who attended a Quantum Learning Training 10 years ago and again over the summer, said those tools re-energize her as a teacher. And, she said, they make a \\"difference in the kids right away.\\"\""
"8588" "\"Dearman -- who used the alias Joanne Seeney -- and her deputy Vika Sinipata, 35, face eight felony counts of embezzling money from the district. Prosecutors say the women, from 2009-2011, used district credit cards and fraudulent payments to steal taxpayer money.\""
"8589" "\"\\"I'm a firm believer that less is more,\\" says Forgione. \\"I'd rather have three amazing sides that all taste delicious than 10 OK sides.\\"\""
"8590" "\"Who would have thought that the DFL Party could be so misunderstood? Today I had a message from our credit card company to call immediately about possible fraud. I feared that someone had used our card to run up horrific charges.\""
"8591" "\"All three Oregon producers took pains to explain to customers and consumers the steps they take to keep cages and hen houses free of manure and other disease-causing germs. They shared specifics of their respective vaccination programs and discussed daily efforts to analyze results of swabs taken from hoses and water used to wash eggs.\""
"8592" "\"\\"I would like to let you know that the bullying has increased,\\" he wrote to his guidance counselor at the Eric Smith Middle School. \\"I would like to figure out some coping mechanisms to deal with these situations, and I would just like to put this on file so if something happens again, we can show that there was past bullying situations.\\"\""
"8593" "\"The star's professional decline had become a familiar part of her public saga. Her haggard appearance at times shocked fans who had once been drawn to the singer's world-class smile and approachable glamour in music videos, album covers, concerts and, later, hit films. Songs like \\"I Will Always Love You\\" and \\"Saving All My Love for You\\" had women around the world singing along with the star, but by the end of the 1990s they barely recognized her.\""
"8594" "\"Finally, choose dairy that is either fat-free or low-fat to begin the day. Try to include milk or calcium-fortified soy milk at breakfast. If you are used to drinking whole milk, switch gradually to fat-free milk, and if you drink lattes or cappuccinos, ask for them with skim milk. Adding fat-free or low-fat milk to coffee and cereals will also help you avoid saturated fats.\""
"8595" "\"When ready to serve, heat puree in a pot over medium to medium-low heat. Stir in melted butter. Season to taste with pepper and additional salt.\""
"8596" "\"The homes were sold at sheriff’s sales, for prices that more than covered what the original owners owed on the mortgage and taxes. The resulting “surplus funds” in each case amounted to thousands or tens of thousands of dollars — and the original owners were legally entitled to that money.\""
"8597" "\"Pacemakers are designed to speed up the heart when it beats too slowly -- usually less than 60 beats per minute -- depriving the body of sufficient oxygen. The Ingenio and Advantio pacemakers feature the new technology designed to regulate the heart rate in response to physical activity.\""
"8598" "\"A woman who answered the phone at Woody Toys on Monday afternoon said the company had no comment.\""
"8599" "\"Oct. 8, 1986: First rumors of a Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. takeover hit Wall Street after the company's stock closed the previous day at 36 7/8, a five-year high.\""
"8600" "\"“And the information appears it might also support a not guilty by reason of insanity defense as well,” Hanna said in the affidavit.\""
"8601" "\"FUMIKO HAYASHIDA, 101\""
"8602" "\"I felt sorry for those who had to sit through it.\""
"8603" "\"We've never forgotten Richard the cat. Since our honeymoon 17 years ago, he has become as much a part of our mental scrapbook as that flat tire on my old Benz. The fading Kodak photos we took of this cocky little cat are mixed with our wedding and honeymoon photos, and his story is fondly shared as an indelible part of our memories. Richard, our extraordinary cat friend, would be 17 now. We hope our latter-day Puss 'n Boots is still roaming the banks of the Russian River and having great adventures; fearless, confident, independent and providing visitors with a lifetime of memories.\""
"8604" "\"We endlessly debate the morality of our Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Yet nobody argues over the virtue of the war on drugs, fought on our behalf and partly at our expense — we spend nearly $500 million a year on it outside our borders.\""
"8605" "\"The other-compensation column included $241,457 for travel and relocation help, as well as $67,947 for insurance premiums paid by the company.\""
"8606" "\"With 9,000 registered under-18 players in USA Hockey programs in the area, Hayes sees a market for kids who want to see professional hockey at an affordable price.\""
"8607" "\"In June Trooper Scott Graham committed suicide in his patrol car while pulled over on a Garden State Parkway exit ramp in Wall Township. \\"It was a terrible tragedy,\\" Fuentes said.\""
"8608" "\"Suppan contributed to the go-ahead run when he sacrificed Jason Bartlett, who drew a leadoff walk in the fifth. Venable then followed with a double to left to give the Padres a 2-1 lead against Alex White (0-1), who was making his season debut. Orlando Hudson added an RBI triple in the eighth.\""
"8609" "\"Sara Baldwin, the veteran U.S. Forest Service area ranger, dropped by our campsite while checking out conditions at Pettit Lake. Sara has been a ranger at Lake Tahoe, in Alaska and, now, here. I asked what makes this place so special, and she replied, \\"It's a great place to restore yourself. The big highlight is the backcountry experience where you can reconnect with nature. That's what people love about it. When people drive into the basin today, they know there is something different about this place.\\"\""
"8610" "\"Preserved farms and untouched parcels can offer just as much recreation as athletic fields, she said, and they won’t cause any environmental issues.\""
"8611" "\"LB: Rodney Hardrick, Isaac Ava\""
"8612" "\"SAN DIEGO - A college student who was picked up in a drug raid and was forgotten in a holding cell says he had hallucinations of Japanese-style cartoon characters that told him to dig into the walls to find water.\""
"8613" "\"O'Berg raised her hand. She helped send radiation detectors and other supplies. Then last May, she joined a Flight of Friendship trip to Japan organized by Portlanders. She visited Minamisoma and vowed to return.\""
"8614" "\"\\"I like something with history and that's been loved before,\\" Jones says.\""
"8615" "\"In federal court in Newark today, O'Leary admitted recruiting five people to donate $2,000 each to the campaign, then reimbursing those people with money he received from Gartland.\""
"8616" "\"Mmm . . .\""
"8617" "\"Janet Smith and Kathi McCoy, both impacted by the length of the hole that plays as a par-5 for \\"normal\\" women, were forced to lay up short of the green-fronting hazard despite good drives. Smith made a one-putt 5 and McCoy a three-putt 6.\""
"8618" "\"An expert on elections, reapportionment and government reform, Mr. Hodson wrote articles on California politics for academic journals and newspaper op-ed pages. He was quoted often in The Bee and national newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times and New York Times.\""
"8619" "\"øThe draw for the Olympic competition took place at Wembley Stadium on Tuesday, with Britain to play its opening match against Senegal at Old Trafford on July 26. The hosts will play the United Arab Emirates three days later at Wembley and Uruguay on Aug. 1 at the Millennium Stadium.\""
"8620" "\"Impromptu sparring matches break out \\"all the time. There have been broken (lamps), broken windows and it wasn't just us. It was our dad, too,\\" said Nathan Kraisser, who has one older brother, three younger brothers and two younger sisters. \\"Everything is a competition. Grades, football, basketball.\\"\""
"8621" "\"\\"He's a game-changer.\\"\""
"8622" "\"Do you want the answer?\""
"8623" "\"Tree Amigos are trained volunteers who advocate for the concept of the urban forest and donate their time and skills to Our City Forest, often serving as mentors for community volunteers helping to plant trees and shrubs in neighborhoods and in schools and parks.\""
"8624" "\"She's excited the store will give back to the community through scholarships and partnerships with nonprofits, she said, and that it will operate at such a high standard that other grocery stores and food providers in the area will have to improve as well.\""
"8625" "\"“An alternate site by the zoo,” which also apparently has a pump station, water and sewer utilities, is being eyed, said city business administrator Dale Goodreau.\""
"8626" "\"On a voice vote in early April, the House backed the date shift as part of a bigger game and fish package. One lawmaker called it a ''bonus week'' rather than an early opener because there would still be hoopla around the May 12 weekend when the annual Governor's Fishing Opener is held. But it would be a week or more before any bill with the law change could reach Gov. Mark Dayton.\""
"8627" "\"The push for standing is not a new idea. In the Victorian era, standing desks were common for say, bookkeepers (think of Bob Cratchit in \\"A Christmas Carol\\"). In fact, it's still possible to find some of these high desks in antiques stores.\""
"8628" "\"constitution that gives the military wide-ranging powers,\""
"8629" "\"Despite the back-to-back nationalizations in Argentina and Bolivia, much of Latin America has moved on from a recent wave of populism that began with the election of Venezuela's Hugo Chávez in late 1998. While Venezuela, Argentina, Bolivia, Ecuador and Nicaragua are led by left-wing populists, market-oriented governments are in charge in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile and elsewhere.\""
"8630" "\"Wagering on in-state and out-of-state races would be permitted.\""
"8631" "\"Able Animal Hospital, 5431 State Road, Parma, offers free pet exams within 30 days of adoption from any nonprofit rescue group; 216-749-6990.\""
"8632" "\"O'Mara's comments on the site, gzlegalcase.com, were part of a new social media blitz designed to combat rumors about the case, communicate with the public and raise funds.\""
"8633" "\"You see, as a reporter covering the border-collie-beach-e-coli nexus with reporter Brendan McCarthy in 2006, I also had \\"interviewed\\" Max the Gull-Chasing Border Collie. I was pleased Max was still on the job, since breeders all but assured me at the time that he would NEVER get bored with it, and I recall passing the assurance on to Tribune readers.\""
"8634" "\"spend a fortune on Japanese meals, particularly in Tokyo at places catering to that kind of crowd. But the Japanese love dining out, and most aren't on an expense account, so follow the locals and enjoy. Of eight dinners during my trip, all delicious, three (including one at a very good sushi joint) topped out at around $40, each inflated by the cost of a couple of $6 beers; the rest were half that. Satisfying lunches could easily be found for $12-$14, including beverage.\""
"8635" "\"\\"One of the best pitchers in baseball,\\" Sveum said. \\"He has had a tough time his first couple of starts so far. He's still getting his arm back in shape. That curveball is still pretty devastating when he can get ahead (in the count) and get to it.\\"\""
"8636" "\"I've been thinking about one particular area in which I think mainstream Christianity has some room for improvement, and that's the area covered by the term theodicy, most often couched in terms of \\"why bad things happen to good people.\\" If God is a loving and merciful God, why did he let the towers fall and permit so many people died? If God is all-powerful, why did he allow the terrorists to succeed in their evil plot? Couldn't he have arranged things so that they got a flat tire on the way to the airport, or they got cold feet, or something else got in the way of their plans, and then September 11, 2001 could have turned out to be a lovely, sunny, and entirely forgettable day?\""
"8637" "\"The group last week announced plans to file legislation making changes to the existing renewable energy law, though it hadn't yet announced a sponsor or filed the bill as of Friday.\""
"8638" "\"\\"All they had to do was ask. That's what I'm here for, to help people.\\"\""
"8639" "\"Sherri Lokken, executive director of the National Association of Reunion Managers, said Facebook could help attendance at some reunions by alleviating the fears people have about going. Some people feel apprehensive about seeing classmates again, going through the awkwardness of trying to catch up or thinking no one will remember them. Facebook has allowed people to do all that and get over any concerns prior to the event, she said.\""
"8640" "\"The lawsuit focuses specifically on the state's alleged failure to conduct adequate due diligence before and after Lone Star and its top executive in South Korea were convicted in 2008 of stock manipulation in connection with their buyout of the Korea Exchange Bank.\""
"8641" "\"\\"We have already indicted one, so I am not their favorite guy,\\" Arpaio said in Houston, drawing laughter. \\"The county has cut my budget $35 million just for spite. But I'm still locking them all up. I have ways to get the job done.\\"\""
"8642" "\"Even so, the spaces are technically equipped so that for most of the year the indoor theaters toggle back and forth between the elaborate sets of two different plays each day. Over the years, scenic design has emerged as one of the festival's strong suits.\""
"8643" "\"SALEM -- Lobbyist Craig Campbell was chasing a favor when he phoned Gov. Ted Kulongoski in early 2007.\""
"8644" "\"Warren Strumpfer was also looking for answers as he had his credit card information stolen while on a cruise. After being informed of how New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs works, he feels a bit more at ease that someone is working for him, saying he received no explanation from the credit card company after the theft, simply getting a new credit card in the mail.\""
"8645" "\"\\"I think with the time frame we have left, I think it's something where it will go into the offseason,\\" Irsay said.\""
"8646" "\"The buzz surrounding the reopening of the East Coast Highway venue, which closed in 1998, could have been expected to increase ticket sales, but festival organizers said they decided to offer all of the programming for free throughout the festival, which opens Thursday and runs through May 3.\""
"8647" "\"øQB: Matthew Stafford, Lions - The last time the All-Joe team selected a player who passed for more than 5,000 yards and 40 TDs was never. Despite posting such numbers and leading Detroit into postseason for the first time this century, Stafford could not snap the Lions' 40-year streak of failing to send a quarterback to the Pro Bowl. But he'll fix that soon enough. Alex Smith, 49ers - He may never be as good as the man he was drafted way ahead of (Aaron Rodgers), but his team player longer this season largely thanks to Smith's playoff heroics. After throwing a league-low five interceptions, Smith could really blossom in 2012 while playing in the same offense in successive seasons for the first time … provided San Francisco re-signs him. Tim Tebow, Broncos - Love him or loathe the hype surrounding him, there's no denying he revitalized a team that was dead in the water into AFC West champs. We especially appreciate his willingness to play wideout when Kyle Orton was still the starter.\""
"8648" "\"For instance, Boston's 1.1 percent drop in home prices since last year was one of the lowest among metro areas tracked by S&P/Case-Shiller index. The city's unemployment rate is 6.2 percent, much lower than the national average of 8.6 percent.\""
"8649" "\"After making a brief stop for an engine change, the six-car train departed Baltimore at 5:16 p.m., going westward over the Northern Central Railroad, as city church bells tolled and crowds witnessed its \\"melancholy passage through the northern suburbs of Baltimore,\\" reported The Sun.\""
"8650" "\"Hartfield went on to coach at a number of schools in Houston. If every student he touched told a story, Saturday's memorial service would still be going on.\""
"8651" "\"CP: How about when her current beau, played by Adam Driver as the ultimate hipster Neanderthal, asks her, after some very unappetizing sex, \\"Do you want a Gatorade?\\"\""
"8652" "\"If you believe the hype, the United States has a valuable new ally in the War on Terror: American Muslim leaders. Alas, it's called \\"hype\\" for a reason.\""
"8653" "\"The Pirates answered with two runs in the third and two in the fourth. Josh Harrison had a run-scoring single and Andrew McCutchen had a sacrifice fly. Navarro singled and scored on Alvarez's home run in the fourth.\""
"8654" "\"It’s March and it is tournament time here in Minnesota. Nationwide March Madness might refer to NCAA basketball, but in this part of the woods it’s all about hockey.\""
"8655" "\"The jury found Coleman guilty in court in Waterloo on Thursday evening of strangling his wife and sons in their beds. Prosecutors said the crime was the culmination of a plan to clear the way to marry his mistress without exposing adultery that would have threatened his $100,000-a-year job as bodyguard to televangelist Joyce Meyer.\""
"8656" "\"\\"The question remains: Where were the supervisors?\\" he said. \\"There’s no telling how many children were molested by Father Becker.\\"\""
"8657" "\"\\"You can't go see Lassie or Flipper,\\" said Mayor Frank Hibbard. \\"You can come see Winter.\\"\""
"8658" "\"The wide-ranging conference in Atlantic City opened with applause to a red-coated bugler belting out the traditional \\"call to post,\\" a musical reminder of horse-racing supporters’ disdain for the plan as race tracks — slated to lose state subsidies under the plan — fight for their survival.\""
"8659" "\"In Fridley, the storm tipped over two Burlington Northern rail cars, sheared in half a stand of mature trees near I-694 and left extensive pockets of damaged homes and businesses.\""
"8660" "\"“The thing is, if you've ever been hurt and you think sadness, you sing spirituals. That's where you get the blues from,” he said. “Spirituals and blues are so close together, and that's where I get the feeling how to deliver the story that I'm telling.”\""
"8661" "\"Are they right? Guess what? It doesnt matter. You cant win a hockey series in the Court of Appeals. The Wings are three games into this first-round series, and they need to adjust. I know thats not easy. But it is reality.\""
"8662" "\"Later, Twitter commenter Mustafa Marghadi noted: \\"None said presidential. Maybe they know something.\\"\""
"8663" "\"DETROIT -- Toyota is back. It's putting a year of earthquake-related shortages behind it and grabbing sales from stumbling General Motors and Ford.\""
"8664" "\"Among other closely watched races, newly independent Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman completed a dramatic political comeback by defeating anti-war challenger Ned Lamont -- who beat Lieberman in a bruising Democratic primary -- to win a fourth term. In Pennsylvania, incumbent Rick Santorum, the Senate's No. 3 Republican, was beaten by Democrat State Treasurer Bob Casey.\""
"8665" "\"Among other items, FitzGerald said he objected to a request from court Administrative Judge Thomas O'Malley for three computers -- a desktop for his office and two laptops.\""
"8666" "\"As the year continues, the children will be combining sounds, rhyming words (glass, class) and moving on to workbooks with simple stories: \\"Tig is it. Tig tags Doll. Doll is it. Tig slid.\\"\""
"8667" "\"Samah and her parents were killed about 8:30 p.m. Sunday in a three-vehicle accident at 171st Street and La Grange Road in Orland Park. A 2001 Toyota Camry driven by Samah's sister was turning east onto 171st from southbound La Grange when it hit a northbound street sweeper, Orland Park Police Cmdr. John Keating said Monday.\""
"8668" "\"Instructions: Bring all the ingredients to room temperature. Center a rack in the oven and preheat to 350°. Grease and flour, or spray with cooking spray, an 8 1/2- by 4 1/2- by 2 1/2-inch baking pan.\""
"8669" "\"Lois Lorenz is thrilled at the prospect of a fenced-in dog-romping field at Honeygo Run Regional Park.\""
"8670" "\"A: I've been teaching ballet, mostly, and a little bit of setting of ballets when I get the opportunity. And of course raising my boys, Lucas and Jacob, who will be 9 in May. They're fun and funny and athletic - they love soccer, although they fell in love with hockey in Montreal and they really miss it, actually. They get kind of emotional about it.\""
"8671" "\"Neither Obama nor his GOP rivals on Capitol Hill have yet come forward with specific proposals for cutting such benefit programs. Successful efforts to curb the deficit always require active, engaged presidential leadership but Obama's unwillingness to thus far take chances has deficit hawks discouraged. Obama will release his 2012 budget proposal next month.\""
"8672" "\"Waterton Canyon will be closed until April 23 at 7 a.m. while a Denver Water contractor removes a 75-ton dredge and other equipment from Strontia Springs Reservoir. The canyon reopened briefly last month after being closed for dredging since August 2010. The current closure marks the final phase of the dredging project required in the aftermath of the Buffalo Creek and Hayman fires.\""
"8673" "\"Tammy M. Knowles was appointed vice president of philanthropy for the Coalition for the Homeless of Central Florida.\""
"8674" "\"Voters across the state are set to decide in July whether to levy an additional 1 percent sales tax to fund transportation improvements in their regions. But concern over low turnout for primary elections caused many supporters of the referendums to call for the vote to be moved to the November general election. With no high-profile races on the primary ballot, supporters hope that a presidential election would bring out more Democrats, whom they believe more likely to support the transportation tax.\""
"8675" "\"Jef Brown is on the bass and sax, Bill Linderman on keyboards and vocals, Brian Helriegel on drums and vocals, Mike Testa on rhythm guitar and vocals and Jim McClurken on lead guitar and vocals.\""
"8676" "\"\\"We've been through a 10-year period where stocks have returned almost nothing. So investors are wisely paying attention to what they're paying for their investments.\\"\""
"8677" "\"Question: What is your reaction to the tape?\""
"8678" "\"1517 BATTERS BOX DR $115,000\""
"8679" "\"-- Expanding charter schools, which are now permitted only in St. Louis and Kansas City, to the rest of the state and setting more rigorous standards for them.\""
"8680" "\"It is not uncommon for states and the federal government to provide regulatory relief to businesses, particularly when new or existing laws create costs. However, those relief measures are often associated with environmental and financial regulations, not the tax code.\""
"8681" "\"away, literally and figuratively, from the Fukushima Daiichi plant suffering through explosions and partial, if not total, meltdown. The New Madrid fault, for instance, is nowhere near as active a seismic zone as the volcano-ringed Pacific rim. It was the tsunami, not the earthquake, that knocked out the power to the Japanese plants.\""
"8682" "\"The updated lawsuit claims Ameren failed to get needed permits for major modifications at the plant, including the replacement of major boiler components at both Rush Island operating units.\""
"8683" "\"Zayat bought Nehro for $170,000 and gave him to Steve Asmussen to train. Asmussen is very circumspect on the horse's chances.\""
"8684" "\"That funky movement is because of how a batter follows the ball from when it leaves a pitcher’s hand to when it crosses the plate.\""
"8685" "\"funding,” Commentary, April 12) implied that several campaign donors were supporting state Rep. Mary Nolan’s bid for Portland City Council. In fact, most of the donors listed — Comcast, Portland General Electric, Oregon Trial Lawyers Association, Motorola, Walmart, Philip Morris and the Oregon Forest Industries Council PAC — had donated to prior legislative campaigns, not Nolan’s city race.\""
"8686" "\"1210 St Joan Ct, $52,000\""
"8687" "\"Margaret feels the loss of control in a most heartfelt way. Her daughter Emily has polio, and she tries to solve the problem Nucky's way, by offering money to the doctor and the priest. Guess which one takes it? Here's a hint: this is HBO.\""
"8688" "\"The storm barreled into the Philadelphia region and the Jersey shore late Saturday, then pushed further north up the East Coast. Irene chased hundreds of thousands of people from their homes and from shore vacations; thousands ended up in temporary shelters.\""
"8689" "\"His trial on assorted violations of campaign finance law is, perhaps, not the ideal venue for him to spill the beans about his misdeeds on behalf of Democratic candidates — in that context, he's not exactly a reliable witness. But if he has proof that he or others have broken the law on behalf of Democrats, Republicans or anyone else, the public (and prosecutors) would surely love to see it.\""
"8690" "\"His style, Harris wrote, \\"demands that we make up our mind about it. . . . It makes us itch, like ticks on a dog -- the deliberate crudity of syntax and punctuation, sentences telescoped inside one another like railroad cars in a head-on wreck, dialogue blurred into narration, a mongrel mix of formal diction and dialect.\\"\""
"8691" "\"\\"They were sort of a bit like the dot-com people, ambitious young men using a new technology,\\" Coughlan said. \\"They had their own private language talking to each other. They knew each other; they trained together.\\"\""
"8692" "\"The committee meets again next month.\""
"8693" "\"Sharon Love has sued the University of Virginia men's lacrosse coach and other athletic officials for negligence in the 2010 death of her daughter, Yeardley, saying they ignored previous violent, drunken behavior by the player who was ultimately convicted of murdering her.\""
"8694" "\"Justice flew through Margaret Stoecker Park in Manchester Saturday morning.\""
"8695" "\"\\"I think I've had five or six guys thrown out at the plate against Kansas City,\\" said Smith. \\"Gordon has thrown three of them out. The center fielder (Cabrera) has thrown one out and Francoeur keeps waiting to get me.\\"\""
"8696" "\"The legal feud spread to recent tribal elections. Several council candidates who oppose Lupe were removed from primary ballots in March by the Apache's election commission. Armstrong found that their civil rights were violated and issued orders to postpone the vote, but balloting was conducted anyway.\""
"8697" "\"Camby returns: Center Marcus Camby, who sat out Tuesday’s game, practiced Wednesday and could be back in the lineup either for Thursday’s game at Utah or Friday’s game at Denver.\""
"8698" "\"Holder has maintained he was unaware of Fast and Furious until months after Agent Brian Terry's death last December and that he has since requested a Justice Department inspector general's investigation and ordered his employees never to open similar operations that include illegal gun-\\"walking.\\"\""
"8699" "\"Arbitrator John G. Crawford decided to give Chambers one last chance to respond and had a notice taped to his door in October. Crawford told Chambers in a letter that he'd issued a draft ruling in Durham's favor and if Chambers didn't show up to the hearing, the ruling would be final.\""
"8700" "\"P.S.: I am the luckiest woman in the world. I answered the phone on my desk last week, and a caller haltingly inquired as to whether I was Lou Gehrig.\""
"8701" "\"“This is America and everyone is looking to shop out and make sure they are getting the value for the community dollar,” said Melody Ashford, manager of Willamette Falls Media Center. “But we are a great community service and some things can’t be measured in money.”\""
"8702" "\"The overreaching goal — to allow these injured vets to move and feel again — keeps Bensmaia and his team at work late, spending hours in surgery outfitting Rhesus monkeys with electrodes and building highly specialized machines that can actually perform the touch experiments.\""
"8703" "\"Sprinkle additional chopped chives around the platter for garnish; serve immediately. (Do not make these rolls too far in advance because the roasted nori sheets lose their crispness.)\""
"8704" "\"Offutt was headed to Ohio State and, with Tyler Zeller (North Carolina), Lewis Jackson (Purdue) and DeAndre Liggins (Kentucky) all on the team, Novak was a bench player with little hope of a Division I scholarship before U-M called at the end of his senior year.\""
"8705" "\"~Author Unknown\""
"8706" "\"First to third\""
"8707" "\"But he made clear that he did not shun other free agent offers because he felt he owed something to the Blazers, who have paid him more than $19 million over the last four years to play 82 games.\""
"8708" "\"I found them impossible to use. I filled in every conceivable field on\""
"8709" "\"There are an assortment of floating festivities, including:\""
"8710" "\"The plainclothes guards never played a visible role in the meeting as the lively discussion played out.\""
"8711" "\"Adaptu, a free online financial life planning and management service, has hired Darryll DeCoster as front-end web developer and Verne Lindner as art director.\""
"8712" "\"Asked the greatest thing Tualatin has gained from his traveling, Ogden said he was first aware of stimulus money for a railroad quiet zone project at a national conference. Later the city got about $1 million in federal funds for a $2.5 million project to upgrade 10 rail crossings, unveiled in 2011.\""
"8713" "\"Furcal's first hit and first RBI gave the Cardinals a 3-0 lead.\""
"8714" "\"Reggie Dotson, Ameristar's regional public relations manager, said the 24-hour casino's security team routinely patrols the garage, but Bradley was not readily visible in her vehicle. The garage does not require guests to get a ticket on the way in or out of the building.\""
"8715" "\"She adds that the bank, for your safety, had two bank security officers on hand the day you were told you could get your money, and hired two Mayfield Heights police officers to escort you to your car.\""
"8716" "\"2 tablespoons dark-brown sugar\""
"8717" "\"Given the work at hand and the eeriness of the setting, the men's enervated joking shifts into dialogues on mortality, first between the Arab and the sad-eyed doctor (Muhammet Uzuner), an increasingly pivotal observer. Lighthearted banter resumes during a stop at a village, but such matters as local honey and politics are eclipsed by the angelic presence of the mayor's daughter.\""
"8718" "\"Cathy Goodson admitted lying to the FBI when she said that money was never brought to her house or counted there. Although she initially thought it might be drug money, she later learned that it was from the robbery, her plea says.\""
"8719" "\"Bobst said that the time has come to weigh financial and technological options.\""
"8720" "\"Parks director Lindsey Swanick on Tuesday compared the administration's focus on her department with those of a cash-strapped homeowner.\""
"8721" "\"But if you are haunted by what happened to you, you are not free from his Hell. He does not deserve to hold you captive any longer.\""
"8722" "\"\\"We won't open more than six. At a point, you lose touch. There's no way I can manage that. But we did get a serious reply from someone in Abu Dhabi. They called us and are like, 'We have lots of money.' I'm like, \\"I know you guys have lots of money.\\" I'm not going to Abu Dhabi.\\"\""
"8723" "\"Others mentioned that a carnival had been in town over the July\""
"8724" "\"The troubles are expected to weigh on the bank's broader earnings. For example, the corporate group, which includes the Chief Investment Office, is now expected to lose $800 million in the second quarter, the company said.\""
"8725" "\"Three retirees who drove two miles to meet at the diner for lunch said even their trip was difficult.\""
"8726" "\"\\"I'm feeling much, much better,\\" said Baffert, who gave up his \\"steak all the time\\" diet. \\"I've lost weight, and I needed to lose weight anyway. Every day, I get stronger and stronger. I've been exercising and eating well. I've never eaten so much fish in my life. Things are good.\\"\""
"8727" "\"Unfortunately, unions that purport to represent those teachers often behave far less nobly. Countless studies and publications (including a growing number of left-leaning ones) have in recent years documented how teachers unions protect bad teachers, thwart efforts at reform and care more about seniority than ability -- usually at the expense of children.\""
"8728" "\"A public hearing will be held May 21.\""
"8729" "\"Some of this has to do with the kind of wars we fight. I've been watching Ken Burns' \\"The War,\\" which has a long passage on the battle of Guadalcanal, where Marines vowed to take no prisoners after seeing some of their own forces mutilated by the Japanese.\""
"8730" "\"It didn't take long for Florida (14-2, 4-0 ALC) to regroup as it scored five unanswered to end a 17-5 win at Dizney Stadium on Saturday. It extended the Gators' winning streak to 10 games and close the home regular season schedule with a 9-1 mark.\""
"8731" "\"The group sent an e-mail to customers earlier today announcing the pending closure.\""
"8732" "\"Brazilian-born Isa Brito, 47, came by her line of garden fresh herbals somewhat by chance. A former photojournalist, she was in her 20s when she began creating simple body and makeup products for her daughter. The products spread to her daughter's school friends and then to their mothers.\""
"8733" "\"Studies show that first and second generation immigrants favor making English the official language of the United States — and that they do so, in fact, at a higher rate than the general American population. If opposition to illegal immigration were what the Official English movement is about, surely this would not be the case. People come to America with the expectation that we speak English here and that they need to learn English in order to be successful.\""
"8734" "\"Yet even with sharp declines on Thursday, the indexes continue to outperform most of their internationally focused large-cap ...\""
"8735" "\"\\"It wouldn't be the Super Bowl if they weren't talking about coming to knock me down and trying to knock me out,\\" Brady said. \\"That's what I expect, and you know what? Our offensive line gets paid to keep those guys out of there.\""
"8736" "\"Paulson said he thinks both the USL and NASL will find common ground. The clubs involved in the two leagues cannot afford to abandon the season with so much at stake financially.\""
"8737" "\"Buybuy Baby has more than 60 U.S. stores and is owned by Bed Bath & Beyond, the publicly traded Fortune 500 company.\""
"8738" "\"T-Mobile employs about 3,300 people at the seven affected facilities. The company said it would begin hiring immediately at the remaining 17 call centers and expects to fill as many as 1,400 positions.\""
"8739" "\"MZC also represents companies that have been accused of wrongdoing. “Because the firm represents both plaintiffs and defendants, it has unique insight into the motivation, goals, and strategy of the opposing party,” notes partner Daria Carlson. “This perspective often results in quicker resolutions and greater benefits to our clients.”\""
"8740" "\"Legislation backed by Senator Charles Schumer would also make it a federal crime to tamper with the unique IDs in an effort to deter attempts to evade the database.\""
"8741" "\"1986: In NASA's first post-Challenger launch, an unmanned Delta rocket lost power in its main engine shortly after liftoff, forcing safety officers to destroy it by remote control.\""
"8742" "\"The number of county pedestrian fatalities for last year was not available, but overall traffic deaths totaled 37, State Police records show.\""
"8743" "\"Less than an hour before White’s plea, 22-year police veteran Michele Davis — who pleaded guilty to the same scheme in July and was booted from the force — was sentenced to three years probation.\""
"8744" "\"The veteran forward smashed a stick after taking a hit from New York's John Mitchell in the third period Monday night and later stomped on a water bottle.\""
"8745" "\"The Question: How does a person file?\""
"8746" "\"Prof. Wick said there is one issue that does concern him this winter: the possibility of desiccation, or plants drying out. The higher-than-normal temperatures may cause plants to lose more moisture through evaporation. That could pose a problem for grass as well as broad-leaf evergreens such as rhododendrons.\""
"8747" "\"Of the 161 suspects indicted by the U.N. court since its establishment in 1993, only one remains on the run - Goran Hadzic, a leader of rebel Serbs in Croatia.\""
"8748" "\"Whitman, though, has handled every challenge that's been tossed her way with aplomb.\""
"8749" "\"Look for Boursin cheese in the specialty cheese area of grocery stores.\""
"8750" "\"Investigators are working to determine whether the incident was an attempted murder-suicide or an attempted double suicide, said Clackamas County Sheriff's Office spokesman James Rhodes.\""
"8751" "\"Obama put himself on the side of business people who deal with the government as part of their daily life and are exasperated by a maze of agencies, permits and websites.\""
"8752" "\"Another Devils fan, with the handle LaurenAshley07 tweeted at Yormark: \\"@PanthersYormark is making an ass of himself and the organization.\\" Yormark responded by saying, \\"@LaurenAshley07 you have 70 followers. No one cares what you think.\\"\""
"8753" "\"Amid fears of future mega-quakes on the West Coast and mega-hurricanes in the Southeast, \\"my personal pessimistic opinion is it's going to take another disaster in a place where people don't expect it\\" to spur the federal government to act decisively on catastrophe insurance, she said.\""
"8754" "\"PG&E did not consider such seam weld flaws as a risk to a line unless two flaws were found within 1 mile of each other, the safety board said.\""
"8755" "\"\\"We don't know yet what might be able to be developed there, but the notion of being able to explore his property and see if some beautifully designed family or senior housing can be developed there is too wonderful to pass up,\\" said Thomas Peters, president and CEO of the foundation. \\"One of the incredible offers that Mr. Lucas made is that he would make available the extensive technical studies that have been done on that land, including water, topography, creek access and other engineering data that would give us a head start and help us determine whether senior or affordable housing can be built there.\\"\""
"8756" "\"West Orange High School social studies teacher Michael Figueiredo, who began his fifth day as a teacher on 9/11: \\"I couldn’t believe it. I haven’t slept since this broke. I’m trying to find out everything I can.\\"\""
"8757" "\"The SEC said its case continues against Fabrice Tourre, a Goldman vice president accused of shepherding the deal.\""
"8758" "\"Then he no-hit the Blue Jays. In his last 27 starts of the regular season  beginning with that no-hitter  Verlander had a 2.08 earned-run average. Batters hit .187 against him.\""
"8759" "\"Aardman, those meticulous Brits who build clay models and painstakingly animate them into Wallace and Gromit cartoons, miss the boat with this animated outing. \\"Pirates\\" is stuffed with big-name voice actors (Hugh Grant, Salma Hayek, Brendan Gleeson, Imelda Stanton, Anton Yelchin and Jeremy Piven), but it's a movie that's entirely too late to the pirate party to offer much in the way of fresh gags. The plot centers on a lackluster pirate captain (Grant) who manages to capture Charles Darwin and who is then talked into setting sail for Britain by Darwin. Though it's amusing in small doses, this is the first Aardman film to suffer a serious shortage of sight gags, the first where the whimsy feels forced and the strain shows. Rated PG; mild action, rude humor, language. 1 hour, 28 minutes. By Roger Moore.\""
"8760" "\"In late 2009, as the Costa Mesa City Council chambers erupted in gleeful song over the council's decision to try and thwart the sale of the Fairgrounds, I suggested it may be the high-water mark in the council's popularity.\""
"8761" "\"Burnside Construction filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition -- to liquidate the company -- in May 2007. In early 2008, Bingham Building Limited Partnership defaulted on a $45.5 million mortgage that was insured by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, according to court filings. HUD took over the mortgage and, on March 24, put the note up for sale in an auction that involved about two dozen other multifamily and health-care loans.\""
"8762" "\"The House, which approved the bill by a voice vote, must OK it with a recorded vote before it moves to the Senate.\""
"8763" "\"Kelemen's idea combines several calculators into one tool that figures out a woman's breast cancer risk. Doctors currently have to use separate computer programs, he explained, to make an assessment.\""
"8764" "\"But all Derek Pasieka saw were the possibilities.\""
"8765" "\"In 2005, Hill launched Angel's Happy Home Network, an \\"umbrella\\" for real estate investment and consulting services she provided. Since 2006, she has been caring for her father, a disabled Vietnam veteran who splits his time between Cleveland and Harrison County in east central Ohio.\""
"8766" "\"Oakland Tech is working with Fred’s family on arrangements for a memorial service, which may be held on the campus football field.\""
"8767" "\"\\"ParaNorman\\" will be the first film to use color rapid prototype technology, a form of 3-D printing that sculpts and paints innumerable copies of a puppet's face to create a multitude of expressions.\""
"8768" "\"The reigning NL MVP became the first player to hit three home runs in a game at spacious Petco Park since it opened in 2004. His power show came several days after the Padres said they are studying bringing in the fences at the downtown ballpark to make it more fair.\""
"8769" "\"Fister said there was no timetable for when he might begin throwing.\""
"8770" "\"Bound Brook Mayor Carey Pilato and a spokeswoman for NJ Transit declined to comment tonight.\""
"8771" "\"Free food and refreshments will be served to all participants. All makes and models are welcome. The event will take place in the of K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Weatherby sales office parking lot , located at Center Square and Amesbury Roads, Swedesboro, Woolwich Township.\""
"8772" "\"NEW YORK -- U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg underwent his first chemotherapy treatment today after being diagnosed with a treatable form of stomach cancer and said he plans to battle through his illness and return to Capitol Hill for the remainder of his fifth term.\""
"8773" "\"Thursday night, “I did not hit my brakes until I reached Route 55,” Matheussen said.\""
"8774" "\"Patricia Quirke of Manchester said she and nine other families drove all night across Spain just to catch the Royal Navy ride.\""
"8775" "\"On Thursday, alumni will be able to tour classrooms from 1:30-3:30 p.m. Then from 4-6 p.m. there will be an ice cream social. On Friday, a \\"Fiesta Fun Fair\\" will be held from 5:30-8:30 p.m. at the school.\""
"8776" "\"Mondale spoke privately with Gov. Mark Dayton on Tuesday afternoon but said no deal has been reached for a new stadium for the Vikings. He declined to speculate on a timetable for a deal.\""
"8777" "\"Built: 1890\""
"8778" "\"The case follows a series of Freedom of Information lawsuits in which EPIC obtained the technical specifications for the devices and hundreds of complaints about the airport body scanner procedure. EPIC doesn't object to scanners as secondary screening when there's cause for a more careful examination of specific passengers or for passengers who prefer their use because of prosthetics or other devices that routinely set off metal detectors.\""
"8779" "\"Sarkozy was spending the day at home with his family in Paris.\""
"8780" "\"With three underclassmen starting pitchers and a wealth of talent, Western not only expects to win its fifth straight PSL crown, it craves a trip to Battle Creek and a shot at a state title. No PSL school has won a state title.\""
"8781" "\"Maybe a place like that could work out in the country, he said, where concerns about fitting into the neighborhood matter less.\""
"8782" "\"A Jonathan Adler coffee table, with a mirror top to give an expansive allusion, rests on a soft woven rug from Target. The flooring is \\"cottage driftwood\\" from Pergo. The Lucite deer head over the mantel is illuminated by a string of blue LED lights.\""
"8783" "\"“Let these countries deal with their own issues,” he said. “It gets us in trouble by sticking our noses in other countries.”\""
"8784" "\"The new limit, unlike a previous one of 4 percent, offers few exceptions. While that will limit the pain for taxpayers, it means schools can't do as much with the possible aid hikes as they may have otherwise.\""
"8785" "\"For Campos, who was not involved in the Palo Alto study, the stakes are too high for him not to speak up.\""
"8786" "\"The skinny: Detroit making first playoff appearance since 1999. . . . Lions scored club-record 474 points in 2011; also set club record with 6,337 offensive yards. . . . Lions QB Matthew Stafford set team passing records with 5,038 yards and 41 TDs. . . . Lions WR Calvin Johnson led NFL with 1,681 yards receiving and led NFC with 16 TDs receiving. . . . New Orleans has won eight. . . . New Orleans had 8-0 home record for first time in club's 45-year history. . . . New Orleans set NFL record with 7,474 offensive yards and 5,347 yards passing. . . . Drew Brees completed 26 of 36 passes (72.2 percent) for 342 yards, three TDs in most recent meeting. . . . Saints' Jimmy Graham led NFL TEs with 99 receptions and was second with 1,310 yards receiving.\""
"8787" "\"Magnitude: 6.8\""
"8788" "\"The union also alleges that the city knowingly provided false and misleading information to its members about the city's financial condition throughout bargaining. In February, employee unions filed an ethics complaint against city officials including Mayor Chuck Reed and Retirement Services Director Russell Crosby alleging that they inflated the city's projected pension liability for fiscal year 2015-16 by $250 million to $650 million in order to force concessions from unions. Both Reed and Crosby have said the $650 million figure was a worst-case scenario.\""
"8789" "\"The best things on my training table: All pastas, Italian food.\""
"8790" "\"If the Giants lose, they'll face an elimination game the following day. On the road. With either rookie Madison Bumgarner or Lincecum, pitching on short rest, on the mound. Neither scenario holds much appeal.\""
"8791" "\"Sen. Nellie Pou (D-Passaic): No\""
"8792" "\"105 Pacchetti Way, $751,000, 03-28-12, 1,421 SF, 3 BR; 2005:$680,000\""
"8793" "\"The school’s junior varsity competition squad placed third in its division, going up against 13 teams. In 2011 the junior varsity squad placed fifth.\""
"8794" "\"WASHINGTON -- As noted here yesterday, Congresswoman Marcia Fudge spent several days this week in Bahrain, a constitutional monarchy that responded with violence to last year's Arab Spring protests. The Warranesville Heights Democrat's staff described the trip as a cultural exchange but did not have information on whether human rights came up in conversations with Bahraini officials.\""
"8795" "\"Compared to last year, Sporting didn't earn its fourth victory until June 25 or its 12th point until June 17th.\""
"8796" "\"\\"I try to talk to jurors without being condescending and by respecting their intelligence,\\" Baytieh said in a 2006 interview. \\"I talk to them just like I would talk to my neighbors.\\"\""
"8797" "\"However, energy markets are so rattled right now that continued unrest in other major oil producers, including Algeria and Oman, could keep prices extremely volatile this week.\""
"8798" "\"1/3 cup lemon juice\""
"8799" "\"Bolstered by the return of junior guard Montell Cozart, who had missed Tuesday's loss to attend the Proving Grounds football combine in Phoenix, Miege pulled within 12-11 early in the second quarter.\""
"8800" "\"964 ARBOR GREEN DR $232,000\""
"8801" "\"The dispute centers on a 1 percent rate cap included in Proposition C to assuage fears that the law would inflate electric bills.\""
"8802" "\"\\"From what I saw, the players are looking forward to revisiting the things we did well last year and making improvements on the things that we didn't do well,\\" said Shurmur. \\"You get to work with some of the new coaches and some of the new players. For me, I just have a much better view of what our team is and the areas we need to improve in to get ourselves in a position to play in the playoffs and compete to play in the big game. And I think that's what we're looking to do.\\"\""
"8803" "\"Clam-topped pizza is an everyday item in the pizzerias of New York and New Jersey. But finding a pizza loaded with clams and mussels in California brought us up short.\""
"8804" "\"District 11\""
"8805" "\"No. 7 Portland 90, No. 6 Santa Clara 76\""
"8806" "\"\\"This is everything for us,\\" Reuss said. \\"Winning in this small compact car segment is our first demonstration that we can win, that we can beat whatever the market throws at us.\\"\""
"8807" "\"Editor's note: This story originally was published May 1, 1992.\""
"8808" "\"\\"We decided that reasonableness should still apply,\\" Swingle said. \\"You have to have a reasonable belief that it is necessary to defend yourself from the imminent use of unlawful force.\\"\""
"8809" "\"\\"Our approach against Moyer was just to try to see something over the plate and be aggressive, but not so aggressive on stuff that's falling off the edge of the plate,\\" Dodgers right fielder Andre Ethier said. \\"There's a lot of movement on some of the pitches he's throwing, so you're going to swing and miss sometimes. But you've got to keep taking your hacks and not be discouraged if you're swinging through some of those pitches or even strike out.\\"\""
"8810" "\"The past year has shown some signs of improvement. Home sales have picked up and prices have stabilized.\""
"8811" "\"SAN DIEGO - San Diego Padres manager Bud Black found the perfect spot to send pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay to the plate.\""
"8812" "\"The U.S. Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration says Sorrento Lactalis Inc.'s plans for managing potentially hazardous ammonia at the facility are inadequate.\""
"8813" "\"17. Virginia Tech (11-2)\""
"8814" "\"Washington said she brought a public health nurse to the family's home to explain the risks of having a pool with stagnant water and a small and unsecured fence.\""
"8815" "\"We needed professional help! So we checked in with Colin Cowie, wedding planner to the stars.\""
"8816" "\"Her roles over the years included director of administration, director of information technology and director of clubs. San Diego Democratic Party Executive Director Ryan Hurd described Mrs. Mang as \\"very savvy with technology. She very quickly adapted to Facebook, website design and data bases.\\"\""
"8817" "\"The annual Promenade helps the museum maintain its collections, offer History in a Box to local third-grade classrooms and present four programs of general interest throughout the year, open to all at no charge.\""
"8818" "\"The news shocked Cook's investors, mostly retirees who trusted promises by Cook and his colleagues that they'd earn returns of 10.5 to 12 percent with no risk to their principal. They've been hoping that Cook's guilty plea to fraud and tax evasion charges would lead to some hidden cache.\""
"8819" "\"Kenneth Caleb, a lunchtime regular at Patty's Place, a nearby restaurant, told the grand jury a salon employee burst through the door yelling hysterically to call the police, saying \\"`he is shooting everybody.'\\"\""
"8820" "\"1. Left tackle. David Diehl is the incumbent, but he won’t line up there to start the preseason. With guards Rich Seubert and Chris Snee out with injuries, Diehl will slide inside while William Beatty begins the game at left tackle. It’ll be Beatty’s chance to prove he can withstand one of the better blitz packages in the league.\""
"8821" "\"On the banks of Holcombe Island, where the Lewis-Meserve family has been operating the only commercial shad fishery on the Delaware for 125 years, spectators can watch the crew's popular demonstration of their shad-seining technique, much the same way it was done in colonial times.\""
"8822" "\"\\"We did a good job to force the overtime and in overtime we didn't panic, we stayed calm and executed our game plan,\\" Batum said.\""
"8823" "\"Interestingly, we haven't heard much attack on Mr. Zimmerman's right to own or carry a gun under Florida law. What is at issue (aside from the potential racism involved in the death of an unarmed 17-year-old African-American in a hoodie and the initial failure of authorities to fully investigate or file charges in the incident) is whether state law should be set up in such a way as to encourage an individual to seek confrontation in a shoot-first, ask questions later manner.\""
"8824" "\"The dispute, pending before the U.S. 7th Circuit Court of Appeals, stems from the Tribune's 2009 \\"Clout Goes to College\\" series, which exposed the separate admissions track for well-connected applicants. The argument is over whether a federal law — the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, also known as FERPA — prevents the university from releasing the information.\""
"8825" "\"Diagnostic tests available include pH monitoring either with a catheter down the nose or with an innovative wireless device placed in the esophagus. In select cases, special X-ray studies using a dye to illustrate the anatomy or plumbing of the upper tract may be beneficial. We also may perform an upper endoscopy exam to visualize the tissue and, if needed, take biopsies to further define the cause and extent of disease. Biopsies are especially useful in patients with an allergic predisposition such as asthma, allergies, eczema or a family history of gastro-esophageal reflux disease.\""
"8826" "\"If that compromise is unsatisfactory, then I'd at least appreciate not being accused of ulterior political motives when I and others like me simply react to the gay community's lawsuits that threaten our vision of the key institution in a healthy society.\""
"8827" "\"The handwritten note, received by District Judge Daniel Mabley just before the verdicts were presented last week, said: \\"Can this be read in the courtroom in front of Ms. Senser? We believe, she believed she hit a car or vehicle and not a person.\\"\""
"8828" "\"Igers, The. Bob and Christine own Iger and Associates a Newport Beach lobbying firm. While a lot of people who lobby hate being called \\"lobbyists,\\" they insist on being called lobbyists, one of the many reasons I like them. They also respect the fine tradition of \\"cocktail hour,\\" which is another reason. Bob and I sometimes go fishing in the desert. Really. Primary dependent (besides me): Bravo, a labradoodle.\""
"8829" "\"Besides being friends, Romanini and Russo were briefly business partners in a short-lived interior design business called Accents Home Gallery. Romanini also was a frequent contributor to Russo's political campaigns.\""
"8830" "\"Late Friday, state officials said FSA’s letter did not change their views or answer their concerns about the school.\""
"8831" "\"NEW YORK -- Manager Terry Collins said that he wants to keep Kirk Nieuwenhuis in a semi-regular role during his time with the Mets, though he admitted it would be \\"a bit of a platoon\\" with Scott Hairston also seeing some time.\""
"8832" "\"Monarch also has started a light duty policy to help get firefighters off workers comp and take pressure off other staff, Swyers said.\""
"8833" "\"\\"Consumers are starting to demand more from pet food companies,\\" says Lucy Postins of San Diego, who started a line of dehydrated raw pet foods in 2002 after trying to feed her then-puppy a homemade raw food diet to eliminate preservatives. (She soon tired of cleaning up a kitchen \\"covered in blood and broccoli and all sorts of awful things.\\") Her business, the Honest Kitchen, sells to 2,100 U.S. stores. It uses free-range chickens and cage-free turkeys and no genetically modified organisms.\""
"8834" "\"2 Michael Maag Oregon\""
"8835" "\"Each week since the season began, I've received an email from a website, makeNFLplayoffs.com, that calculates the odds of teams' reaching the postseason.\""
"8836" "\"Who: Lions' eight draft picks, up to 18 signed undrafted rookies and many more tryout players.\""
"8837" "\"It is not known at this point why he traveled to Fort Hood, but a soldier like Abdo who could legitimately bring weapons onto a base brought back frightening memories for those familiar with the shooting deaths of 13 people in the Soldier Readiness Center on Nov. 5, 2009.\""
"8838" "\"Peter Schaffer, the agent for Palmer whose recent experience of having a client seriously injured has convinced him rule changes are necessary, said wedge busters are in serious danger every time they run down the field. And if they hesitate, they're in danger of losing their job.\""
"8839" "\"Saturday: at Indiana, 4 p.m.\""
"8840" "\"\\"You have to take mini-steps, and our first goal was to get the best record in the league,'' Bosh said. \\"We halfway got that done. We want to have that homecourt advantage throughout the playoffs, and the stress level will be high to get that, but it's a good challenge for us.''\""
"8841" "\"She says she knows it's ridiculous, but she keeps on doing it. What's wrong with her? Can she be helped?\""
"8842" "\"\\"When times were hard for me, I was still working hard,\\" Law said. \\"They always say it's what you do when nobody's looking. Every time I got a chance, and on (school) breaks I didn't go home. I was going to work out and stayed focused on the goal, and that's winning a lot of games for this team next season.\\"\""
"8843" "\"Sam Ranzetta, Lutheran South; Mac Rechan, Clayton; Alec Kaczkowski, University City; Charlie Curtis, MICDS; Teddy Jones, MICDS\""
"8844" "\"“You’re not going to get rich (looking for artifacts),” he said. “Half the time, you don’t even find anything. But, it’s like we’re being punished just for recreation. We weren’t doing anything. We weren’t hurting nobody.”\""
"8845" "\"9:06 p.m.: \\"Jack of All Trades,\\" one of the strongly political songs from \\"Wrecking Ball.\\" He makes sure to mention in intro that he wrote song in '09, before there was an Occupy Wall Street movement. Springsteen bangs a drum theatrically at end of song.\""
"8846" "\"\\"I was joking with him about how long it took,'' Ventura said. \\"He's that guy for us. He's the guy we want to lead off with and count on. And he's willing to take that on. I like when I look in his eyes what I see back.\\"\""
"8847" "\"Manuel Salazar III, 20, allegedly killed Lance Taylor, 23, outside a Circle K near 43rd Avenue and McDowell Road on Feb. 19. Taylor's wife and mother saw the shooting, police said.\""
"8848" "\"Peggy Noonan, a speechwriter for Republican Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, recently wrote that \\"the Republican nominee will emerge so bloodied his victory will hardly be worth having; the Republicans are delving into areas so extreme and so off point that by the end Mr. Obama will look like the moderate.\\"\""
"8849" "\"\\"We came along onstage with our ridiculously bright clothes. We were all holding our alcohol when we came on. We didn't try and hide it.\""
"8850" "\"Scott was tried again last week in Superior Court last week, and a jury delivered the verdict after three hours of deliberation, according to the prosecutor.\""
"8851" "\"Earth Day clearly lends itself to a party outside, but don't fret if your abode doesn't have plenty of outdoor space. Just have your guests meet at a local park. Keep in mind that Earth Day is prime time for activities in public recreation areas. Check with your city's Department of Parks and Recreation to ensure that your chosen destination won't be overrun with a large event.\""
"8852" "\"\\"There's a process (for) getting back on the floor and today was the start of that. We wanted to limit him to 30 minutes of live scrimmaging and that will be the course for the next few days.\\"\""
"8853" "\"In addition to doing comedy, both performers have their hands in multiple mediums. Pryor is an author, having recently published a book “Jokes My Father Never Taught Me: Love, Life and Loss With Richard Pryor.” She is also the artistic director of the Strand Theater in Baltimore, and is a known jazz/blues vocalist.\""
"8854" "\"Two former directors claimed in lawsuits that Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano padded the agencys payroll with political appointees who worked for him instead of for the agency. Ficano has denied wrongdoing and said that audits found no problems.\""
"8855" "\"He supplies plenty. Through 46 brief, episodic chapters, Deford offers insightful, hilarious and occasionally scathing portraits of athletes, coaches, editors and fellow scribes.\""
"8856" "\"In 1997, at age 13, Wadi came to the United States and his family settled in New Brighton. A relative had a grocery store at 38th Street and Nicollet Avenue S. in Minneapolis, and Wadi frequently worked there. He recalls friends' horror, then delight, as he cooked them lamb brains and chicken livers.\""
"8857" "\"Chronic inflammation is also a hallmark of autoimmune diseases, in which infection-fighting cells attack the body's own tissues.\""
"8858" "\"4. Dre Kirkpatrick, CB, Alabama, 6-1, 186. An arrest this year has made some NFL teams nervous about him, but he's a fundamentally sound tackler in pass coverage and run support.\""
"8859" "\"ksamuelson@tribune.com\""
"8860" "\"WEST WINDSOR – A Plainsboro man was arrested Saturday night on charges he struck a West Windsor resident several times with a bat in a dispute over a debt, police said.\""
"8861" "\"\\"To get rid of the benefits and perks that come along with the position is good,\\" Levinson said. \\"But it's different from getting rid of the corruption that happened.\\"\""
"8862" "\"The spending bounce means retailers managed to avoid a repeat of last year's disaster even amid tight credit and double-digit unemployment. Profits should be healthier, too, because stores had a year to plan their inventories to match consumer demand and never needed to resort to fire-sale clearances.\""
"8863" "\"Outlying areas in the state face far bigger challenges. They suffered big job losses as rural unemployment climbed far into double digits.\""
"8864" "\"“I won $100,000 in Vegas, which buys furniture for my beach house. That takes nerves. You can’t think if I’m wrong I’ll blow $30,000. You must disassociate yourself. Can’t look at it as money. If you get hit it’s like the stock market. Ongoing. A professional player has the ability to get it back.”\""
"8865" "\"I want to thank and praise Clackamas County Transportation Engineering for a remarkable response to my phone call. At 3:18 p.m. May 1, I phoned to alert them to a dangerous pothole on South Lower Highland Road. I also mentioned a second smaller pothole not far from the other.\""
"8866" "\"It's almost time for a special foursome to go their separate ways.\""
"8867" "\"\\"At this point, we do not know how long those families will be displaced,\\" said Rizzo.\""
"8868" "\"Now, Taylor is trying to prove for two more weeks that he has done the same. He has started 123 games at Kansas and scored 1,523 points.\""
"8869" "\"Once you are approved, the state will retroactively pay your insurance premium directly to your COBRA plan administrator. At that point, contact the administrator to request reimbursement for the months you already paid out. You'll have access to coverage for up to 36 months.\""
"8870" "\"Some factors might have worked against him. The 1969 Cubs, an enduring symbol of failure, already had three players in the Hall: Ernie Banks, Billy Williams and Fergie Jenkins. Why should that ill-fated team be rewarded so lavishly? Some opponents did not like the way Santo ran and clicked his heels after each Cubs victory. Perhaps that played a role with previous Veterans Committee votes. But in light of some of the touchdown celebrations we see weekly, Santo's mode of celebration seems charming now.\""
"8871" "\"\\"There wasn't a cold winter, and that increased their ability to breed and what you might say, 'remain viable,'\\" said Jerry Hatch, a staff entomologist at Northwest.\""
"8872" "\"Before signing their major label contract, the Smithereens were briefly the house act at the Bloomfield club.\""
"8873" "\"School districts around the region have taken notice of the Ignatius effort and are starting to ask questions. Some are trying to join. You can find information at standagainstviolence.org.\""
"8874" "\"Economists said seasonal adjustments magnified the rise in energy costs. Gas prices usually start to decline in September, when the summer driving season ends. Instead, wholesale gas prices rose during the first half of the month, when the survey was taken.\""
"8875" "\"Others have come to Thomas’ defense, including UO running back Kenjon Barner.\""
"8876" "\"Whether you chomp on Tums like candy or you are taking Zantac, Pepcid or Nexium daily, it's not good to take heartburn medication as a maintenance drug, claims the board certified internist and gastroenterologist.\""
"8877" "\"3 cups frozen edamame, thawed\""
"8878" "\"\\"I used to play there all of the time when I was a kid,\\" LBA League Manager Mitch Fusco said. \\"It's a huge part of our community. Nothing is going to change as far as the association. We're still going to be scheduling games and tournaments.\\"\""
"8879" "\"Incumbent on the outs: The splintered vote in the prosecutor's race came as no surprise because of the size of the field. But the endorsement for judge of the Cuyahoga County Juvenile Court was a surprise.\""
"8880" "\"None of the roughly two-dozen reader submissions sent to letters@latimes.com (two of which were published on Monday's page) even attempted to note a remotely apologetic aspect of AT&T's grip on California lawmakers. Some readers pointed to the story as Exhibit A in the case for campaign finance reform; others were incredulous over legislators' attempts to deny that AT&T's lavish gift-giving in Sacramento had much influence at all over laws and regulations.\""
"8881" "\"And anyone with a lick of sense — or an ounce of commitment to good government — knows that.\""
"8882" "\"\\"She is a sweetheart, she's got a heart of gold,\\" her sister Sandi Williams said in a phone call Monday after their mother visited Michelle at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.\""
"8883" "\"Republican Utah state Sen. Stuart Reid told the Salt Lake Tribune that the \\"church's endorsement made a significant difference\\" in passing the law.\""
"8884" "\"Adjusting to her size was trickier. One day in an elementary school math class, each student was asked to put his or her weight on the blackboard. A succession of boys wrote \\"40 pounds\\" or \\"45 pounds.\\" Franklin wrote 70, adding to self-consciousness that came from getting new pants what seemed like every two weeks because she had outgrown the legs.\""
"8885" "\"This year's contract talks between the UAW, Ford, Chrysler and General Motors later this summer promise to be especially complicated. Automaker bankruptcies and federal bailouts will influence talks as will Ford's ability to post big profits in a struggling economy. For Northeast Ohio, the stakes couldn't be much higher.\""
"8886" "\"Whitner vividly recalls being told by the doctors that he would probably never walk again.\""
"8887" "\"U.S. Rep. Tim Ryan, a Democrat from Niles, will face Republican Marisha Agana, a pediatrician from the Warren area, in the 13th District. The district includes the Youngstown area and parts of Summit and Stark counties.\""
"8888" "\"Best has been working out regularly since December and joined the Lions for their off-season conditioning program last month.\""
"8889" "\"Critics within and outside the church have accused the bishops of pressing the issue to remove President Barack Obama from office. But the bishops wrote, “This ought not to be a partisan issue.”\""
"8890" "\"Since the focus of Duncan's Cleveland visit will be community and civic engagement, we asked for examples of where it is working.\""
"8891" "\"Women, whom Obama carried with 56 percent of the vote four years ago, are key to his re-election strategy. The focus on health care, an issue that hurt Democrats during the 2010 midterm elections, is more of a surprise but suggests newfound confidence on the matter, particularly in Ohio.\""
"8892" "\"Banfield's price for just the office visit and a nose-to-tail exam (all itemized on the invoice) comes out to $94.\""
"8893" "\"As a pre-gay, I dropped a calculus midterm to be among the first to find out what Tom's visit to Brad's bedroom in the \\"Interview With a Vampire\\" trailer was really about.\""
"8894" "\"Per smaller serving: 532 calories, 4 g protein, 72 g carbohydrate, 26 g fat (16 g saturated), 117 mg cholesterol, 73 mg sodium, 1 g fiber.\""
"8895" "\"The single-engine Cirrus left the Boulder airport with two people on board around 12:45 p.m. Saturday and was lost on radar for about 10 minutes, Rodi said.\""
"8896" "\"øIn the meantime, stocks of companies with high potential earnings growth - think Apple - have been the winners. Not surprisingly, one of the most unloved large-company funds in 2006, American Century Ultra, has gained 25% the past five years.\""
"8897" "\"Information from nine institutions, Meyerson said, led the committee to conclude that there is no standard method for dividing funds between a law school and its parent university.\""
"8898" "\"The only player taken with the top pick in that stretch who played more than one year of college basketball was Blake Griffin, who entered the draft after his sophomore season at Oklahoma.\""
"8899" "\"“I’ve only been around this guy for a year,” Mets manager Terry Collins said after the game, “But he’s one of the greatest competitors I’ve ever been around.”\""
"8900" "\"FASTPITCH SOFTBALL ASSOCIATION 2012 TOURNAMENTS -- May 5-6 (10U, 12U, 14U) May Flowers Classic at Pates and Fountain parks May 26-27 (10U, 12U, 14U, 16U) Memorial Day Classic at Pates and Fountain parks June 2-3 (10U, 12U, 14U, 16U, 18U) Lehigh Valley Classic at Pates and Fountain parks June 16-17 (10U, 12U, 14U, 16U, 18U) Summer Breeze Classic at Pates and Fountain parks June 23-24 (23U), Mid Atlantic Travel League at South Side Elementary Complex, Harrisburg June 30-July 1 (10U, 12U, 14U, 16U) 4th Of July Classic at Pates and Fountain parks July 7-8 (U-23) Patriettes Invitational Tournament at Pates and Fountain parks July 14-15 (23U) Mid Atlantic Travel League at Pates and Fountain parks July 21-22 (23U) Mid Atlantic Travel League Pates and Fountain parks Sept. 15-16 (12U, 14U, 16U, 18U) Lehigh Valley Fall Classic at Pates and Fountain parks Sept. 22-23 (12U, 14U, 16U, 18U) Foliage Classic at Pates and Fountain parks Oct. 8 (ages 14-18), college coaches clinic at Pates Park Oct. 13-14 (12U, 14U, 16U, 18U) Columbus Weekend Classic at Pates and Fountain parks Entry $450 info: www.fastpitchsa.com or Jon Adams at 610-360-4429 or jasa60@aol.com.\""
"8901" "\"5 LOCUST HILLS CT $135,000\""
"8902" "\"\\"They're going to be the guys they're most concerned about, as it should be,\\" Filppula said. \\"So if we want to win the series, other guys have to be able to score and get us on the board. I'm hoping to be able to help the team as much as possible. You have to go in the front and get second pucks and rebounds. It's definitely a focus of my game.\\"\""
"8903" "\"124 GREENVIEW $72,000\""
"8904" "\"She earlier said al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahri was most likely residing in Pakistan.\""
"8905" "\"Illini wide receiver A.J. Jenkins was taken by the San Francisco 49ers with the 30th pick. Jenkins and Mercilus became the first Illini duo to be taken in the first round since 1996, when linebackers Kevin Hardy (No. 2 by the Jacksonville Jaguars) and Simeon Rice (No. 3 by the Arizona Cardinals) were first-round selections.\""
"8906" "\"The Learn to Live program of the Department of Health has a new healthful eating kit that features a free cookbook and tips that will help you select foods high in fiber and low in fat and sodium. Recipes are also quick, easy and economical. Information: visit http://www.LearntoLiveHealthy.org or call 410-222-7979.\""
"8907" "\"And how about people of Middle Eastern descent? The Human Relations Commission report says there were nine hate crimes against them in 2006, including one case in which some spelling-challenged moron smashed a car window and spray-painted \\"Go Bak to Irak\\" on the door. But there are an estimated 57,000 people of Middle Eastern descent in Orange County - so once again, it's a relatively small number of hate crimes directed at a very large community.\""
"8908" "\"Continue deep soakings periodically during summer, fertilize regularly and do look at where your drip is distributing the water. Moving it may alleviate the stress on your middle-age trees.\""
"8909" "\"It's a terrible way to feel -- and surely an unsettling message for kids and teenagers to receive.\""
"8910" "\"The Senate returned this morning, but almost immediately moved to \\"stand at recess\\" so negotiations could continue off the floor.\""
"8911" "\"Free-flowing wine and buffet tables laden with crudites are now common features of a company-sponsored function for bloggers. Some companies are even offering free kitchen appliances, vacations, groceries and enough fruity snacks to feed a neighborhood's worth of kids.\""
"8912" "\"Eastern Michigan University\""
"8913" "\"From here, our tour morphs into a mural medley, with a little comfort food on the side.\""
"8914" "\"Among them, experts said, are recall, impeachment by state legislators and a constitutional amendment to take away some of Gessler's authority.\""
"8915" "\"Launch: Pilot program 2008; upgraded to permanent program in February\""
"8916" "\"Self was asked after his Jayhawks walloped Texas Tech on Wednesday if the 35-point margin sent a message. After all, the Bears had won on the same floor by a mere 13 four days earlier.\""
"8917" "\"Productivity\""
"8918" "\"Some experts cautioned that the jury is out about whether the new unity government will set Netanyahu on a more moderate course, even though President Obama and other global leaders might pressure him to move in that direction. In recent years, many close to the prime minister have predicted that he would make a bold political shift, only to be disappointed when he remained loyal to his right-wing supporters.\""
"8919" "\"Nothing ever came of it. The informant's story fell apart after police checked it out.\""
"8920" "\"Serge (Ron Himes), a wealthy dermatologist, has just spent a small fortune on a modern painting: a huge white rectangle. The piece offends Marc (Tim Schall), who considers it the emperor's new painting. The third friend, Yvan (Robert A. Mitchell), is too wrapped up in his own problems - which are legion, mostly involving his upcoming marriage - to care one way or the other. He just wants everyone to get along and give him a break from the demanding women in his life.\""
"8921" "\"Although BlackBerry service is sold by wireless carriers, RIM manages its messaging network itself. The centralized structure means that any problems can affect millions of users.\""
"8922" "\"With all four returning and just one senior graduating, Heffernan and the Illini have higher expectations for next season.\""
"8923" "\"Annual dues to participate in the Pops Chorus will be $35, which will help defray music-rental and rehearsal-hall costs.\""
"8924" "\"EHRs are, logically enough, computerized records of the care you receive. They allow health care professionals to easily assess your medical history, order and review needed tests, monitor results over time and measure the care they provide against nationally endorsed standards for quality treatment. Information can be confidentially shared among providers so that everyone who treats you has the same information -- a comprehensive look at your care.\""
"8925" "\"øIt's a seminal moment in sports drifting further away from comprehension.\""
"8926" "\"Despite its popularity, Groupon hasn't been making money as management has focused on expanding into new markets. The company now offers deals in 175 North American markets and in 45 countries.\""
"8927" "\"Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 23): You read the signs, but that doesn't mean you have to follow them.\""
"8928" "\"He was voted to the NFL's All-1990s team after making the Pro Bowl for five consecutive seasons (1996-200) as a kick returner with the Carolina Panthers.\""
"8929" "\"In the aftermath, no one involved said they were asked by either Slay Jr. or his father for any favors. Most said quite the opposite - Mayor Slay foremost among them.\""
"8930" "\"Kitty was born in Genoa, Neb., to Hugh and Christina (Reidlinger) Wolfe. She attended Beaverton High school and after graduation went to work as a \\"Rosie the Riveter\\" welder in the Portland ShipYards. She married Lowell Fletcher in 1961. She loved crocheting, cards, fishing and gardening. Her home was a gathering place for the Wolfe clan.\""
"8931" "\"Lamar said 11 of the suspects would be charged with hazing with death, a felony which carries a maximum sentence of six years. He said the evidence in the case would not support a charge of murder.\""
"8932" "\"• Yellowjackets aren't very likable and account for at least 90 percent of \\"bee stings.\\" European paper wasps are often mistaken for wasps or yellowjackets, but are actually beneficial predators of caterpillars and other insects. Both take up residence in yards, so use traps for yellowjackets (they don't work for paper wasps or hornets). Eliminate favorite nesting sites like hollowed-out areas. Insecticides are effective on active nests, but apply at night or early morning. More at ext.colostate.edu/pubs/ insect/05525.html\""
"8933" "\"But nowadays, with so many passengers booking their own tickets online, most reservations are instantaneous.\""
"8934" "\"Rosemon, in an unrelated case, pleaded guilty in October to failure to perform duties of a driver. He has a prior juvenile record, and a prior history of drug use and gang affiliation, according to court records.\""
"8935" "\"\\"Baseball loves creating new records (e.g., most consecutive 3-hit games on Tuesday nights off pitchers whose mothers were named Mary). Do you hold any sports columnist records?\\" -- Chuck Levin\""
"8936" "\"Overall, the 11 casinos reported seeing their operating profits drop 11.7 percent when compared to the same three-month period last year, down to $280.7 million from $317.9 million.\""
"8937" "\"At 275 pounds, he's not a space-eater like Hankins, but he's seen as a very good athlete with great feet and sharp mind -- he's planning on majoring in pre-med.\""
"8938" "\"Speede spoke by phone from Cameroon's capital, Yaoundé, about her work and her relationships with the chimpanzees.\""
"8939" "\"Mary Wallace, senior legislative representative for AARP, adds, \\"We think it's another step toward deregulation in an already tricky marketplace with no real guarantees that the capital raised is actually going to fulfill the objective of job creation.\\"\""
"8940" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Police are searching for a teenage male who shot a Cleveland man in the abdomen during a robbery attempt early today.\""
"8941" "\"It had planned to collect the insurance payouts when the original policy holders died, paying the premiums to the insurer until then.\""
"8942" "\"1. Begin early, particularly if you wear a small size. \\"Prom dress shopping started in January and by this time in the season, we're close to being out of (size) zeros and 2s,\\" Paula Mitchell says.\""
"8943" "\"The lead singer and force of nature in Alabama Shakes, rock 'n' roll's newest phenomenon, already had a good job delivering mail  and she hoped to hold onto it.\""
"8944" "\"When Lopez answered \\"20 minutes,\\" Parera made himself a cup of coffee, sat next to her and waited.\""
"8945" "\"Last year, the council held up approving the current budget until Dooley backed down from his threat to close the parks.\""
"8946" "\"HITS: The deals are inviting, but the real treat is how intuitive this app is. Users get a quick sense of the hotel with photos and information on amenities. Finding an \\"elegant\\" hotel in San Francisco for $169, when the hotel's website listed $251 as the lowest rate, was a find.\""
"8947" "\"Terri Harrington, a vice president with MacKenzie Commercial Real Estate Services, said that though Pratt Street is \\"thriving,\\" the backfill could take time. \\"Transactions of this nature do not happen quickly, and it's unfortunate we'll have a dark space on Pratt Street in the meantime,\\" she said.\""
"8948" "\"Tony's take: Too much riding on it for Ravens to stumble. Ravens, 27-17.\""
"8949" "\"It was installed by Philadelphia-based U-Go Stations as part of a public-private partnership.\""
"8950" "\"Trout's blazing speed will make him an asset to fantasy teams. And as it's been said before, speed never goes into a slump. If manager Mike Scioscia gives him the green light, Trout could steal 30-40 bases. And while double-digit home runs are possible, don't expect Trout to show a whole lot of power this early in his career.\""
"8951" "\"Oregon State had played Stanford close in the first meeting, even leading at halftime before losing 67-60, and as the Beavers’ Alyssa Martin put it, “we knew they were going to come out ready to kill us, and they did exactly that.’’\""
"8952" "\"Q: Why are you taping your next comedy special in Portland?\""
"8953" "\"\\"We have a foot and a half on the ground here, and we'll start snowmaking on the weekend,\\" said Michael Dalzell at Kirkwood. \\"But we rely on natural snow. We're definitely weather-dependent.\\"\""
"8954" "\"\\"Oh sure, I've been here before,\\" he said in his instantly recognizable satiny voice. \\"I remember performing at Leo's Casino. There are lots of good memories here.\\"\""
"8955" "\"Suzanne loves the large lot and the walls of windows facing the yard in front and back, as well as the open floor plan. Vaulted ceilings and a stone fireplace make a dramatic and beautiful statement in the living room, accented with modern white leather couches that fold down into daybeds with a simple click.\""
"8956" "\"Other current and former county employees who worked with or near the three said they were widely perceived to be full-time political fund-raisers.\""
"8957" "\"Based on their experience, several Texas high school coaches praised Oregon's recruiting approach and said the Ducks followed the rules.\""
"8958" "\"\\"The Ides of March,\\" from Columbia Pictures, is slated to land in Cleveland on Oct. 7. \\"The Descendants,\\" from Fox Searchlight, will arrive closer to Thanksgiving.\""
"8959" "\"A week ago the board learned that entities controlled by Mr. McClendon had arranged for loans of up to $1.4 billion from a private-equity group, EIG Global Energy Partners, while Chesapeake was negotiating to sell EIG hundreds of millions of dollars in corporate assets.\""
"8960" "\"JEERS: Ford could have a tough time attracting customers if gas prices continue to rise and customers go for the smaller Fusion or Focus sedans. And with a Taurus-based police vehicle coming out soon, Taurus could go the way of the Crown Victoria, which was eventually seen as an undesirable fleet vehicle.\""
"8961" "\"Principal: Mark Howells, chief executive officer and founder.\""
"8962" "\"The council president is picked by the council members. While turnover is rare, the council president can be removed at any time from the post once another council member has a majority of votes from his or her colleagues. It will take 10 votes to capture the title.\""
"8963" "\"He said he thinks he can fit in as a receiver who also contributes on special teams.\""
"8964" "\"The bicyclist suffered severe head and leg injures, police said. The Mercer County Prosecutor's Office accident investigation team and Lawrence police are at the crash scene.\""
"8965" "\"But Obama is wrong to oversimplify the dangers and the mess that still exist. We're bidding well to repeat the error of 1989, when America walked away and left Afghanistan to descend into chaos, with Osama bin Laden the beneficiary. Americans may be weary, but the stakes, in Afghanistan and elsewhere in the region, remain frighteningly high.\""
"8966" "\"The long financial battle between Fox Sports Midwest and AT&T is over, and the winner is neither - it's Cardinals fans who subscribe to AT&T's U-verse system.\""
"8967" "\"Vikings lose cornerback Griffin\""
"8968" "\"Chef John Griffiths took over the kitchen at Truffles in Ladue several months ago, instituting an Italian-inspired menu that seizes each day, highlighting but not limiting himself to fresh, seasonal ingredients. His often painstaking and intricate techniques reflect an approach that draws upon the best of both the art and craft of cooking.\""
"8969" "\"The audit also said The Maryland Health Insurance Plan did not perform routine reviews to make sure the insurer that manages the plan for the state, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, was complying with its contract. CareFirst pays claims and determines patient eligibility among other services.\""
"8970" "\"WEDNESDAY MAY 2\""
"8971" "\"Critics, including current Tempe Mayor Hugh Hallman, said building a lake without developers to pay for the ongoing operations was irresponsible. Environmentalists worried about destroying wildlife habitat. Many feared the lake would flood and endanger people on the future lake's shores. At one point, red tape from county flood-control agencies, federal flight monitors and others had the city dealing with 26 government entities and countless regulations.\""
"8972" "\"Volvo's slick XC60 luxury crossover adds up to 35 miles of battery power to its already impressive suite of safety features in this concept.\""
"8973" "\"A police statement said the two men had gotten into altercations several times in recent years. The family wants Kelley charged with premeditated first-degree murder, not second-degree murder, with a hate crime allegation, Galindo said.\""
"8974" "\"In a mid-size office building on Laclede's Landing just north of the Gateway Arch, Landshire Inc., one of the country's largest privately held makers of packaged sandwiches, set up its new headquarters this year.\""
"8975" "\"The first class of 50 correctional service assistants will go through nine weeks of training, compared with a six-month deputies academy, but they will have nine solid weeks of jail-based training, department spokesman Ryan Burris said. Deputies receive two weeks of jail training in the academy.\""
"8976" "\"Cam Newton started strong, completing 9 of 14 passes for 147 yards and two touchdowns in the first half as the Panthers built a 23-7 lead. But Newton was intercepted twice in the second half, including once on a poor decision where he tried the shovel the ball ahead with his non-throwing left hand as he was falling to the ground. The result was a gift interception for Falcons linebacker Mike Peterson.\""
"8977" "\"Antoni Cimolino, the festival's general director, may have been hoping for a similar response to his mounting of Shakespeare contemporary Ben Jonson's \\"Bartholomew Fair,\\" a Canadian premiere, but it's not quite there.\""
"8978" "\"Longo would not identify the changeable shareholder, who holds 16 of the club's roughly 1,300 outstanding shares. To sell the property, the club needed support from members who hold at least two-thirds of the shares.\""
"8979" "\"He was in a similar position last year, when he came into Darlington ranked 29th. The Darlington victory was hoped to be enough to get him moving, but he had only three top-10s after.\""
"8980" "\"I swore: I'm gonna muddle through it\""
"8981" "\"There was the Revolution Museum, which includes everything from Castro's boots to the typewriter of a New York Times reporter who covered the conflict. The museum also displays pieces of an American B-26 shot down in 1961 and a turbine from a U-2 spy plane shot down during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 – somewhat uncomfortable for Americans.\""
"8982" "\"I was filled with an anger and sorrows and doubts and melancholy. And I took it out on my first wife. I made her life pretty much a hell. So I start transcendental meditation, and two weeks later she comes to me and says, \\"What is going on? This anger, where did it go?\\" Things lift away so naturally.\""
"8983" "\"\\"I've been in this a long, long time,\\" she adds.\""
"8984" "\"In January, sales of previously occupied homes reached their highest level in nearly two years. And they have risen more than 13 percent in the past six months. Mortgage rates have never been lower.\""
"8985" "\"The governor signed the tax cap in July. But while the state Senate and Assembly have acted on some minor “tool kit” measures, they have quarreled with the governor on the specifics of the two major ones.\""
"8986" "\"Others are afraid that if they have already had breast cancer, a mammogram could spread new cancer to the other breast, she said. Again, not true.\""
"8987" "\"HACKENSACK — Authorities say 12 of the 20 people arrested following an undercover drug investigation are suspected to have ties to street gangs.\""
"8988" "\"Staff reporter Edythe Jensen contributed to this report.\""
"8989" "\"-- They had no toilets, kitchens or insulation, although stoves could be installed at the refugee camp.\""
"8990" "\"Piper at Turner\""
"8991" "\"Neuen said he was touched and humbled when he found out that the cathedral's music was what soldiers in Iraq chose to listen to on their MP3 players as they fought insurgents.\""
"8992" "\"Cleveland.com is looking for your dog look alike photos in its next photo contest.\""
"8993" "\"While Doug doesn't share his dad's stern and fiery reputation, some aspects of Ken Schreiber's philosophy rubbed off.\""
"8994" "\"In truth, these disparate percentages indicate a sophisticated understanding by the young professionals that, whatever the racial roots of public school problems, race now is but one thread in a more complex web of economic, social and political challenges confronting public education.\""
"8995" "\"But first things first. Dee Hart wants to play in the spread offense. He wants to play at Michigan under the coaching staff that recruited him.\""
"8996" "\"Namely, at what point does a society save lives -- and reduce human suffering -- by promoting measures that stop unfit parents from birthing children doomed to face crippling abuse or early deaths?\""
"8997" "\"Jose Ortiz, 20, listened to an interpreter during the hearing before Superior Court Judge Glenn Berman.\""
"8998" "\"School: Phoenix Xavier Prep.\""
"8999" "\"Police found the third man, also with wounds that are not life-threatening.\""
"9000" "\"He wasn’t entirely blameless. He allowed a leadoff double to Jose Bautista and hung a breaking ball to Edwin Encarnacion to give up a one-run lead in the sixth, but it probably wasn’t asking too much for Gregg to retire the No. 9 batter and keep the Orioles in the game.\""
"9001" "\"Now 42 years old, Rivera will be a free agent after this year. He expressed confidence, rightly so, that the Yankees would want him back.\""
"9002" "\"♠Q 8 7 4 ♥K 9 3 ♦K 10 6 2 ♣9 3\""
"9003" "\"What's interesting about these works is that they are all by (putatively) serious people: a vice presidential nominee, two national political reporters, a key aide to a presidential candidate, the first lady of a state. And yet their insights, such as they are, come off like the witless name-calling of a schoolyard fight. Gossip, innuendo, infidelity, accusations -- that's the best this group of exemplary citizens can stir up.\""
"9004" "\"Incensed that she might not be able to vote in November and concerned that others might not know about the law's requirements, Block called the ACLU.\""
"9005" "\"Aldridge said many on the team blew him off and ignored his message because, as the franchise player, he was getting all the playing time he wanted, all the shots he wanted.\""
"9006" "\"In fact, they're thinking of remodeling their apartment and adding an elevator.\""
"9007" "\"A study by the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority found that the Cumberland Mall leg of the Cobb line could take until 2026.\""
"9008" "\"WASHINGTON — Rick Santorum won the Louisiana Republican presidential primary Saturday, beating front-runner Mitt Romney in yet another conservative Southern state.\""
"9009" "\"\\"I am not aware of any options to save the house,\\" a paralegal with Bank of America's law firm told Galanida on July 29.\""
"9010" "\"Two years ago CWRU's medical school officials approached Moss about helping them raise money for the first professorship in integrative oncology at a major medical school in the United States.\""
"9011" "\"Still, many Cleveland students say their school seems in need of minor repairs and upgrades, not a wholesale renovation. The idea that they would have to spend a year or two being bused to the former Marshall High School while Cleveland is gutted and improved looms as a greater horror, they say, than the chilly or overheated classrooms, the grungy ceiling tiles and the outdated computers, photography studio and science labs.\""
"9012" "\"Wailua River, Kapaa\""
"9013" "\"\\"Creating designated smoke-free zones in state parks will ensure that millions of people who visit these sites each year will be able to enjoy outdoor activities in a safe and healthy environment,\\" state Health Commissioner Nirav Shah said last month.\""
"9014" "\"About 80 church members and supporters attended the hearing. They sat silently as the sentence was imposed, many of them in tears. Marci Beagley's mother began sobbing and was comforted by family members.\""
"9015" "\"Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., probably wasn't expecting the reaction her thank-you note brought.\""
"9016" "\"Carnegie Museum of Art\""
"9017" "\"In the awful comedy \\"Grown-Ups,\\" there's a scene in which Chris Rock is freaked out when Maria Bello breastfeeds her child, who is \\"48 months,\\" as her husband Kevin James sheepishly offers. I'm thinking that was not a favorite movie of the La Leche League.\""
"9018" "\"Shefrin says the producer and former host of \\"American Bandstand\\" suffered a massive heart attack. Clark underwent a procedure last night at St. John's Hospital in Los Angeles with the heart attack following.\""
"9019" "\"\\"I didn't even place at Mascoutah (at 160), so I felt I had to bounce back from that. The kid I lost to (Logan Andrews of Triad) got fifth, but I had beaten him before and I felt I should have beaten him again. I've wrestled pretty well against the guys that got third and fourth, so I was thinking that should have been me out there.\\"\""
"9020" "\"On the Limbaugh bust, some have questioned whether the radio host meets the test of being a Missourian who has \\"made outstanding contributions to the state, the nation and the world.\\" That's the language used in a 2002 outline of the Famous Missourians program.\""
"9021" "\"Coach Tom Finan 12th Man: Julius Wells, Cardinal Ritter\""
"9022" "\"After judging, I walked around the venue and saw throngs of happy tasters and sippers enjoying every minute of the Taste. Got to hang out at the Register booth, too, with editor Susan Gill Vardon and reporter Jaimee Lynn Fletcher. Lots of fun, and lots of folks coming up to chat.\""
"9023" "\"1 medium (about 6 ounces) Granny Smith apple\""
"9024" "\"\\"We're seeing a radical shift in the electric power industry,\\" said Bruce Nilles, an attorney for the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign. \\"Keeping these old coal plants running just doesn't make sense anymore.\\"\""
"9025" "\"This is not the way the story is usually told.\""
"9026" "\"Brandi knows plenty of beekeepers who sold their equipment at bargain prices.\""
"9027" "\"Breaking the new law is a misdemeanor, so it seems unlikely to have a sizable effect on state prisons, which typically house felons. A 5 percent change in the 6,100 illegal immigrants in state prisons, for example, could cost or save taxpayers about $6.6 million.\""
"9028" "\"\\"No, where is it?\\" Ross asked.\""
"9029" "\"\\"My husband and I were lying in bed and heard this rubbling noise and then heard the skylight in our house shake, probably the after shock. We thought there was an explosion somewhere, especially since we live about three miles from Picatinny Arsenal.\\"\""
"9030" "\"Instead of the baking sun and endless fields of windmills here, it was the orchestra and music director Franz Welser-Most who generated the warmth and sparks in their fourth of six tour concerts Thursday night.\""
"9031" "\"OK then, how far up do we rate?\""
"9032" "\"10. Youngstown\""
"9033" "\"Among the stranger economic tenets of conservatism, which Paul Krugman argues against (\\"Bombs, bridges and jobs,\\" November 1), is that government can't create jobs. As the theory goes, all government does is displace jobs that would have been created in the private sector if government had just \\"gotten out of the way and let the free market work.\\" Since the government never has nor can do that, the theory has not been fully tested, thank goodness.\""
"9034" "\"Fiscally responsible government officials would tell the lawyers how much they can spend up front and then demand they come back and justify what they spent, before giving them more money.\""
"9035" "\"* Gift Ideas:Since these loving pups like to do everything together, Spencer should get Angela this romantic Lazybonezz double feeding dish ($79 at 114 W. 26th St.; lazybonezz.com).\""
"9036" "\"Highest-ranking woman: Chris Davidson, vice president, director of business development and Leslie Bramlett, vice president of government and leisure operations.\""
"9037" "\"LINDENWOOD SIGNS TOP JUCO QB\""
"9038" "\"“I knew I still had it,” Wolff said. “It was nice to show it.”\""
"9039" "\"In fact, the average domestic airfare for flights out of Long Beach is $240, the second-lowest price in the nation, according to federal statistics for July through September 2011, the most recent data available. The average ticket from Ontario is $97 higher, statistics show.\""
"9040" "\"This is the basic concept behind the bipartisan No Budget, No Pay Act, which is to receive a hearing from the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on March 14.\""
"9041" "\"2579, Joseph Hoffman, Jersey City, 3:10:57.\""
"9042" "\"And once you've eaten here, you'll have no trouble finding it again.\""
"9043" "\"The Oshman Family JCC looks like a fortress and sends a strong \\"keep out\\" message to folks on the outside. And the development on El Camino Real at the old Hyatt Rickey's is equally forbidding. These bare walls remind me of some of the housing in northern Germany, where I lived many years ago. All the buildings were gray, the streets were gray, there were no sidewalk trees or plantings, and the sky was usually gray, too.\""
"9044" "\"The zoo also envisions converting the existing medical office building into new office, research and lab space and to house equipment. It also plans landscaping, paving and other improvements to the site, as well as demolishing buildings not in its plans.\""
"9045" "\"Other medalists at 121 at the 2011 World Championships were Tonya Verbeek of Canada (silver) and Tetyana Lazareva of Ukraine and Ida-Theres Nerell of Sweden (both bronze).\""
"9046" "\"Pena Nieto trained as a lawyer at Panamerican University in Mexico City, part of the ultraconservative Catholic Opus Dei movement, and graduated with a master's degree in administration from the Institute of Technology and Advanced Studies of Monterrey.\""
"9047" "\"Harrison responded that issuing an open-container ticket would be up to an officer's discretion. Targeting passengers in party limos, she said, \\"is not the intent of where this is going.\\"\""
"9048" "\"The shifting landscape of politics and public opinion over the past three weeks recalls the hysteria surrounding nuclear power in decades past, after incidents at Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl in 1986.\""
"9049" "\"Milkovich said when Dugan died, he dug through his scrapbook to appreciate the portrait once more.\""
"9050" "\"Additional provisions in the bill included mandatory annual financial reports to the governors, and the establishment of ethics and finance committees of the Port Authority board, measures Baroni said are already in place.\""
"9051" "\"A source said about the Oscar winner and his model girlfriend: ''People around him are worried about how Johnny is doing because he and Vanessa seem so fractured right now. Their relationship is heading toward the end.''\""
"9052" "\"63125\""
"9053" "\"• The county wrote a letter to a nonprofit group that raised money to renovate the Soldiers and Sailors Monument on Public Square, demanding the organization return $260,000 in donations as reimbursement for $2 million the county fronted for the work.\""
"9054" "\"\\"Simply put, it's about breaking stories,'' WXOS program director Jason Barrett said of the Feldman-Stull move and said it had nothing to do with the pending sale of the station. \\"‘Stully' has a real good nose for news. I like (Feldman) personally, but this just wasn't the fit for him.''\""
"9055" "\"Caitlin's inspiration for making dreams happen for hospice patients came from volunteering since seventh grade for Hospice Care of the West and a scene from the movie \\"Patch Adams.\\" In the movie, the doctor is focused on not just treating the disease but caring for the patients. The spark for Dream Catchers came when the doctor inspires a depressed old woman to eat again by making her dream -- of plunging into a pool of spaghetti -- a reality.\""
"9056" "\"Then, a few days later, juror Luis Alba expressed his unhappiness with his own decision to convict. In a July 9 Star-Ledger article, the 48-year-old private security guard from Hudson County, said: \\"It’s unfortunate, but I don’t think he (Elwell) accepted the money as a bribe.\\" He also said, \\"Personally, I hope the defense appeals, and if they get a technicality, they can get him free of the (bribery) charge.\\"\""
"9057" "\"What it doesn't mean is having a sparse garden that is nothing but sticks in the summer, Tiede says.\""
"9058" "\"With the backcourt struggling, it was only a matter of time before the Wildcats, stacked with more talent than any team in the country, were going to hit their stride.\""
"9059" "\"Portland Police Chief Mike Reese has found Officer Christopher Humphreys' use of a beanbag shotgun last year against a 12-year-old girl was \\"consistent\\" with police policies and guidelines.\""
"9060" "\"He includes numerous impersonations, from fellow actor W.C. Fields to various members of his famous family, including Ethel and Lionel, but all of it seems like a digression. Barrymore's unseen, offstage prompter Frank, the excellent Sean Patrick Nill, continually and unsuccessfully tries to get his boss to attend to the task at hand. Frank's insistence and annoyance almost kick-start what would be dramatic action, but Barrymore is too crafty for that, and he deftly slips into another self-deprecating story.\""
"9061" "\"Finally, in July, Stubblefield wrote a memo to Bryson that outlined what had clearly become a strained relationship.\""
"9062" "\"My test car came with the Luxury package, which swaddled those seats in a beautiful deep tan leather Buick calls Choccachino. This option also adds a heated steering wheel, heated front seats, keyless entry, push-button start and a nine-speaker Bose sound system.\""
"9063" "\"Democratic and Republican party leaders as well as Fletcher's rivals in the mayor's race called the announcement a political stunt orchestrated by Fletcher to fuel his campaign narrative. They said there's no substance behind the movement.\""
"9064" "\"Panelists were Linda Anusasananan, food writer, San Mateo; John Carroll, cookbook author, San Francisco; Marc Halperin, culinary director, Center for Culinary Studies, San Francisco; Shelley Handler, food consultant, San Francisco; Roland Passot, chef-owner of La Folie in San Francisco and three Left Banks. All products are tasted blind; a perfect score would be 100. Prices listed are the lowest found, but products may be available at other stores.\""
"9065" "\"That was the last recollection I have of her, and when she was no longer a member of our class, I don't recall anyone giving it a second thought. But I remember what I did, and although I might pass it off as being of no great consequence, I really don't have any idea what effect it may have had on her.\""
"9066" "\"Phelps began the season as the team’s long man but took Freddy Garcia’s spot when he was bumped out of the rotation. With the Yankees’ pitching staff in a state of flux, the 25-year-old right-hander could establish a lock on a rotation spot.\""
"9067" "\"He won the AJGA event in Mesa, Ariz., with a tournament-record 15-under 198.\""
"9068" "\"4278 Forest Bridge Dr., $208,000\""
"9069" "\"\\"This is the only game we've haven't played well and we've lost five games,\\" Spartans coach Brian Holmes said. \\"I thought (Stinnett) did a good job. He really kept us off balance.\\"\""
"9070" "\"At 9 a.m., the Oregon Supreme Court entered stage right to confront the reasonable doubts left by three cases, most notably the conviction of Samuel Adam Lawson in the August 2003 murder of Noris Hilde at an Umpqua National Forest campground.\""
"9071" "\"$53.8 million: Amount of sales tax money collected on the 0.75 percent Franklin County sales tax and distributed to the county, second in total behind Cuyahoga County. There also is a 0.5 percent transit tax in Franklin County, for a total sales tax rate of 6.75 percent.\""
"9072" "\"A Santorum spokesman has not returned a message seeking comment. But Santorum is in Lake County tonight, where reporters are certain to ask about this. The campaign of his chief competitor, Mitt Romney, has already pounced on Santorum's apparent error.\""
"9073" "\"Each workday, they can eat at the Grand Hyatt lunch buffet for $1.50 (it was free until a year ago). Once a month, steak and baked potatoes are on the menu as management recognizes workers celebrating birthdays.\""
"9074" "\"A three-time National League MVP, the most prolific manager in franchise history and a pitching coach regarded as the industry standard are nowhere on campus.\""
"9075" "\"Green Bean (AND POTATO) Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette\""
"9076" "\"Removes a House provision that would exempt the private companies taking over state prisons from sales and use taxes, the commercial activity tax, and state and local income taxes.\""
"9077" "\"\\"It's as with all the people,\\" she said.\""
"9078" "\"\\"I don't see anything in the Club for Growth's agenda that would have been at all helpful to me as a young businessman and entrepreneur in actually creating jobs and businesses in America,\\" said Lugar, who helped manage the family's food machinery manufacturing business before running for office. \\"The Chamber of Commerce is proposing the creation of new jobs, a business climate in terms of taxation and spending that is likely to give that kind of atmosphere. \\"\""
"9079" "\"The new county executive and the 11-member county council will officially take over in 2011.\""
"9080" "\"PARTIES IN THE PARK: Clayton's Parties in the Park concert series features a free performance by SLAM from 5 to 8:30 p.m. May 9 on Meramec Avenue between Forsyth Boulevard and Maryland Avenue in downtown Clayton. Half-price beer is available from 5 to 5:30 p.m. Parties in the Park are held the second Wednesday of each month through Sept. 12. Call 314-726-3033 or visit www.partiesinthepark.org.\""
"9081" "\"Mann told the judge he was suffering from insomnia and dealing with family issues when he said he \\"snapped.\\"\""
"9082" "\"NEW YORK -- Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it asked the Transportation Department for approval to increase its flights between the U.S. and Brazil.\""
"9083" "\"UNICO National said today that \\"Jersey Shore\\" relies on crude stereotypes and highlights cursing, bad behavior and violence in depicting renters at a New Jersey beach house.\""
"9084" "\"1224 Addison Dr, $22,000\""
"9085" "\"Data released by the Energy Information Administration in March shows that crude oil production on public lands onshore was at its highest level since 2003.\""
"9086" "\"On Sept. 4, Lydecker, 57, hopes to add 250 band alumni to its ranks on the high school's Alumni Night football game. (Former band members can sign up to play by going to northroyaltonhighschoolband.com.)\""
"9087" "\"What do you think the sox outfield will be in 2012? -- Bob Blecha, Sun City West, Ariz.\""
"9088" "\"TS#: 1007742479\""
"9089" "\"At the same time, Janus has long warned lawmakers that courts are running out of patience over civil liberties issues and the political use of commitment as a way to extend punishment. \\"We are approaching a potential train wreck,'' Janus said. \\"Our commitment program is into its third decade. We must ask ourselves, what are the standards for commitment?\\"\""
"9090" "\"Jennifer Bailey, president of the Western Slope Conservative Alliance, was an early supporter of Maes and hosted events for him. On Thursday, she called him \\"disappointing.\\"\""
"9091" "\"Aloha Festivals, all islands. The granddaddy of all festivals in Hawaii is the Aloha Festivals (Sept. 1-24), which began in 1946 as Aloha Week. Celebrating and perpetuating the traditions and customs of Hawaii, events nowadays take place on all islands, although those in Waikiki are the best attended. The festivals kick off with a night of traditional chanting and hula. On Sept. 15, a colorful procession of horseback riders, extravagant floats with cascades of Hawaiian flowers, hula groups and marching bands proceeds through Waikiki to the delight of onlookers. http://www.alohafestivals.com\""
"9092" "\"Golden Mayor Marjorie Sloan sees it differently, saying negotiations over the Jefferson Parkway ended in December after \\"it became apparent that the parties could not reach an agreement.\\" She said the draft beltway bill hasn't helped engender trust between the parties since.\""
"9093" "\"Nobody has had the breadth of production and flair for the dramatic that James has unleashed.\""
"9094" "\"Applied to buy distribution business\""
"9095" "\"So Taster's Choice snapped, crackled and popped our way through eight brands. And unlike last week, when little-known Mother's Joy topped the cornflakes crowd, this week's winner is a household name.\""
"9096" "\"According to letters provided by Servais, the site was left in a will and sold by those who received it to Batten, upon learning they would be responsible for cleaning it up.\""
"9097" "\"Same-sex relationships exist. Parents already have to navigate conversations about Johnny's two dads and why two women live together next door or why two men are holding hands at the market. The conversations can be just as awkward as explaining why Macy doesn't live with both her parents anymore, and why Macy and her mom are no longer free for play dates because her mom has to work more now that her dad has left. And parents are grappling with decisions about sleepovers between their high school daughter and their daughter's lesbian friend.\""
"9098" "\"Kelley was part of Dimora's \\"A team,\\" along with Russo, plumber's union official Rob Rybak, Dimora's other driver and co-defendant Michael Gabor, contractor Steven Pumper, county worker Jerry Skuhrovec and sausage company owner Joey Vinciguerra.\""
"9099" "\"Instead, Richmeyer narrowed his choices to a couple sports - golf and tennis - and looked over their schedules. That's all there was to it.\""
"9100" "\"Chrysler controls about a third of the U.S. minivan market, but rivals are nipping at its heels. The Chrysler Town and Country was the top-selling minivan in the U.S. last year, with sales of 112,275, or about 4,000 more than the Honda Odyssey.\""
"9101" "\"Although the many individuals she includes are difficult to keep straight, each one's experience helps to flesh out the unfolding nightmare. Children are sure to relate to the many scenes of women and children being separated from husbands and fathers and to react even more viscerally to scenes reported from the water. One survivor described the ship's sinking as sounding \\"like standing under a steel railway bridge while an express train passes overhead, mingled with the noise of a pressed steel factory and the wholesale breakage of china.\\" Even worse were the moans of those who perished in the water.\""
"9102" "\"And Collins will need him to be in this playoff series if the Sixers are going to have any chance of pulling out a couple of games or more. Turner and many others.\""
"9103" "\"The news caught some Big East schools off guard.\""
"9104" "\"\\"You just never forget a thing like that,\\" Robert C. Buchanan, 92, the last known living member of the civilian ground crew that awaited the Hindenburg, said during an interview from his family’s home in Waretown. \\"It’s so spectacular. I considered that I wasn’t going to survive it — that’s how bad it was. There aren’t many nights in a month that I don’t give it a little thought, I’ll tell you, and the different possibilities and things that could have happened.\\"\""
"9105" "\"May 27: Catch of the Day casting lessons with a naturalist, 1-3 p.m., Gorge Metro Park, 1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls. A limited number of fishign rods available for use. Bait will be provided. For information, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org.\""
"9106" "\"Obama is unopposed on the Democratic ballot and his Michigan delegates will be based on the outcome of state Democratic caucuses May 5.\""
"9107" "\"\\"I had some good looks and knocked them down. I finally got into a good rhythm. The strength in my legs is coming back. Hard work always pays off,\\" said Nowitzki, averaging just 16.9 points this season - significantly lower than his career mark of 22.8.\""
"9108" "\"A few days before the MCA opening, Johnson stood in the center of a gallery and cast a seriously-don't-talk-to-me-now look on his face. Museum workers swirled around him and artwork sat on the floor, covered in blankets; bubble wrap lay strewn about. Johnson was quiet, moving from room to room. He bundled his dreadlocks together, tied them in a bun, then a moment later, he released them. Then repeated the process.\""
"9109" "\"Hersch also has a trio that has a recognizable sound, as he, Gress and Waits have been playing together for about seven years. All in all, it's a wonderful band to be part of, he says.\""
"9110" "\"The new law would allow sales through at least half-time at football games. The Legislature and the University had deadlocked on the issue after U officials planned to only allow drinking in the expensive suites. Legislators, in populous outcry, banned all drinking in the stadium unless folks in the cheap seats were allowed to drink as well.\""
"9111" "\"The slayings were the first two homicides in Maplewood since 2007, police Chief Robert Cimino said.\""
"9112" "\"The Rams rolled over Branham 16-0 last week, crushing 18 hits in the win. John Riley smashed the ball all over the yard, ripping a double, a triple and a pair of singles. James Hatano proved to be too much for the Branham pitchers, too, belting three hits in his three at bats. He also drove in two.\""
"9113" "\"“In Christianity, it's the Pope and Tebow right now,” Celebration Church pastor Joe Champion said. “We didn't have enough room to handle the Pope.”\""
"9114" "\"\\"In the long run, most people will back off when they get ready to actually choose a president in the general election and say, 'You know what the person's faith might be, whether its Catholic, Jewish, Protestant or Mormon or whatever, it's not going to affect my vote nearly as much as the basic moral character, the basic principles put forward by the potential president.' So I think the president's personal background and his proven record in the past in political affairs or business affairs will be much more important than what faith a president espouses.\\"\""
"9115" "\"The Games are held once every two years. Organizers say this year’s theme is twofold - remembering the victims of the 9/11 attacks and thanking people the world over for the outpouring of empathy and support following the attacks.\""
"9116" "\"That irritated Texas Rep. Ron Paul.\""
"9117" "\"\\"Something like this, I believe, can happen anywhere,\\" he said.\""
"9118" "\"FitzGerald said he hadn’t called Neiheiser back earlier because he was in union negotiations but that he \\"would be more than happy to talk to\\" Neiheiser.\""
"9119" "\"But I want to urge my supporters to continue fighting the good fight – with real weapons, if necessary. I especially urge my many gun-nut supporters to do what you have to do – and nobody, including most juries, could possibly hold you responsible for your actions.\""
"9120" "\"But after a couple of years, Mountz noticed that he was on the road at least 300 days a year, scouting talent and meeting with potential customers who were primarily on the East Coast. While he couldn't get any nibbles from VCs in the valley, he found a different mood among Boston VCs.\""
"9121" "\"On Feb. 18, Egyptians again gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, this time in a victory celebration, one week after their revolution unseated President Hosni Mubarak. Tunisians have also been sampling new freedoms of speech and press along a boulevard that is no longer a war zone. But even as the exultation lingers, women in both countries have launched new protests. They want to make sure that democracy does not erode their rights.\""
"9122" "\"All told, just over 47 percent of the ballots returned have been from Democrats.\""
"9123" "\"Tony Sipp forced extra innings when he pitched out of a bases-loaded, one-out jam of his own creation in the ninth. Chicago loaded the bases in the first, three times in the sixth and once in the eighth, ninth and 10th.\""
"9124" "\"Running in Ohio will require local organization. Republican leaders across the state say each of the four candidates still in the race already has established at least a small presence in Ohio. The efforts appear focused on identifying local surrogates and recruiting and preparing volunteers.\""
"9125" "\"All those services have required users to entrust Google with valuable insights into their personal interests and intimate details about their lives. If Google Drive takes off, the company will become a bigger custodian of sensitive data. Privacy watchdogs fear Google already knows too much, but Gartenberg doubts those concerns will undermine Google Drive.\""
"9126" "\"Hey, Brian: Do you think the Cavs will slump after the All-Star break? -- Edmund McElroy, Liberty Twp.\""
"9127" "\"\\"What really matters is not the oil budget, but the ecological budget,\\" said Lisa Suatoni, a senior scientist at the Natural Resources Defense Council.\""
"9128" "\"Music director Anita Ruth makes the most of the sumptuous score. Particularly admirable is the chorus, singing with enthusiastic verve and precise harmonies.\""
"9129" "\"O'Donnell said there's no need for a special session to raise taxes because the state already has a balanced budget. He also pointed to the cost of bringing lawmakers back to Annapolis, estimated by the Department of Legislative Services at about $21,000 a day.\""
"9130" "\"The Tigers' No. 3 and 4 hitters did help cut into the deficit in the fifth. Cabrera hit a two-out single to left and then scored all the way from first on a Fielder double into the gap in right-center.\""
"9131" "\"Jizhak went to Dana Hills High, has a degree in microbiology from UCLA and, but for a four-year span, has practiced business-related law since 1994. He graduated from Newport University School of Law, which apparently no longer exists. There's no public record of him ever having been disciplined by the Bar and like Chuang I've never heard a whiff of scandal (or anything else) about him.\""
"9132" "\"\\"The government shouldn't be controlling the media,\\" he said. \\"What it gives, it can take away.\\"\""
"9133" "\"This 1997 piece surveys the roughly 165 years the Irish have spent in the United States through anecdotes, recollections, news items and lots of songs. \\"We are the music makers,\\" says one of the four cast members (Gary Troy) at the top of the show -- and at the end, too, in case we didn't get it after 27 numbers.\""
"9134" "\"Even if he, like Mara, hadn’t quite grasped it all yet.\""
"9135" "\"The Indiana Criminal Justice Institute says that 64 percent of the states total traffic fatalities occurred on rural roadways during 2011.\""
"9136" "\"Half-full: The comedies \\"Midnight in Paris\\" and \\"Bridesmaids\\" combined for six nominations while \\"The Artist,\\" a romance with a light touch, piled up 10 nominations on its own, including best film, director, lead actor, supporting actress and original screenplay.\""
"9137" "\"Remove the eggs from the pan and rinse under cold running water until cool. Peel the eggs and cut them in half lengthwise. Gently lift out the yolks, dropping them into a bowl.\""
"9138" "\"In April, the media properties were bought for $55 million by a group headed by influential New Jersey business executive George Norcross III, former New Jersey Nets owner Lewis Katz and cable TV mogul H.F. \\"Gerry\\" Lenfest.\""
"9139" "\"For example, the FDA scientists alleged that the agency approved the use of computer-aided detection devices with breast mammograms even though they had been determined not to be safe or effective, harming women and resulting in unnecessary public health costs.\""
"9140" "\"\\"We're all in shock,\\" she said. \\"We're beyond sad and beyond shocked. The kids and I are just huddled together at home. There is no way to make sense of this. \\"I hope and pray everyone remembers what a wonderful man he was.\\"\""
"9141" "\"Chop and Change\""
"9142" "\"Avalon Waterways, (877) 797-8791, http://www.avalonwaterways.com. Affinity, Creativity, Felicity, Imagery, Luminary, Panorama (debuts in May), Royal Lotus, Santa Cruz, Scenery, Tapestry, Tranquility, Victoria Anna, Victoria Jenna\""
"9143" "\"Commission agreed to give operators until May 7 but expressed doubt that they could be persuaded to allow live concerts and public-dance events. Planning Commission chairman Peter Agarwal scolded Bennett and suggested the theater's permit should be revoked.\""
"9144" "\"\\"We investigate everything,\\" he said. \\"Right now that’s really nothing to talk about. His situation is what it is until that changes. If that changes, we’ll investigate that.\\"\""
"9145" "\"McAuliffe posted an Academic Performance Index of 924 last year and earned a GreatSchools rating of 10. About 85 percent of students were proficient in state English tests, while 76 percent passed in math.\""
"9146" "\"Mr. Melentyev and Martin Fridson, global credit strategist at BNP Paribas Investment Partners, say a reasonable expectation for total return on junk over the next 12 months is 7% to 8%. That assumes the U.S. economy doesn't sink back into recession, oil prices don't spike upward and there is no geopolitical bolt from the blue.\""
"9147" "\"The latest sinking, Young said, is \\"just a nightmare.\\"\""
"9148" "\"Many would think a $2,000 CT scan would be an unnecessary test for a patient who likely had a “stomach bug.” But this time it showed multiple areas of infection and diseased intestines due to a previously ruptured colon. He was sent for emergency surgery, which saved his life.\""
"9149" "\"The Vikings do not appear to be L.A.'s top pick. The likeliest target appears to be the San Diego Chargers, a team long unhappy with its obsolete stadium. \\"It's theirs to lose,'' said John Ireland, a plugged-in sports talk host at 710 ESPN.\""
"9150" "\"In those frantic moments while the officials were measuring after Toomer’s catch, Manning told the offense they would go no-huddle if they converted a first down on the following play, Snee said. They were able to take the time to call in the correct personnel for Jacobs’ fourth-down run.\""
"9151" "\"It wasn't until she met Abrahams and went mountain biking with him that she really took to cycling, even though she fell 20 feet down an embankment at Salmon Falls on her first try.\""
"9152" "\"Barbara Kent\""
"9153" "\"\\"We're not skeptical of the principles. We're skeptical of the need for legislation,\\" said Ken Johnson, a spokesman for Rep. Mary Bono Mack, R-Cal. Bono Mack chairs a key subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which held hearings on the proposed Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights last week.\""
"9154" "\"The gallery is a collection of more than 300 original pieces of art by students in all the district schools. The pieces include such medias as drawing, painting, mixed media, print making, digital art and multi media. The art teachers at each school choose between 50 – 60 pieces to showcase in the show. Germano said that is never an easy task.\""
"9155" "\"Midland Park Police Chief John Casson witnessed the blaze. He was only 3 years old at the time, but his father took him to watch.\""
"9156" "\"The biggest cheer after Alomar popped out of the dugout went to Browns president Mike Holmgren, who was sitting behind the Indians dugout and popped up, larger than life, on the Jumbotron in the middle of the fifth inning. Facing their own eternal rebuilding, the Browns might find the cheers last only until fans see quarterback question marks Jake Delhomme or Seneca Wallace throw a pass.\""
"9157" "\"Police said a man, 29, shot Coates several times after Coates broke into the man's vehicle. Another man, 55, fled the scene driving the shooter's vehicle.\""
"9158" "\"Yet U-M co-captain Zack Novak stressed after Friday's game that the accomplishments should be appreciated.\""
"9159" "\"CPSC says it's investigating a report that a 4-month-old girl from Royal Oak, Mich., died in a Nap Nanny that was being used in a crib. The child was reportedly found hanging over the side of the foam recliner, caught between the Nap Nanny and the crib's bumper.\""
"9160" "\"\\"It just started moving out,\\" she said. \\"It was pretty quick.\\"\""
"9161" "\"Hillis has a great shot to bounce back and have another 1,000-yard rushing season in Kansas City, where he will reunite with offensive coordinator Brian Daboll, writes Hensley.\""
"9162" "\"AC Transit buses would arrive every five minutes on weekdays. Bus-only lanes would be developed along much of the route, and traffic signals would give preference to buses.\""
"9163" "\"Art Spinella, president of survey company CNW Research in Bandon, Ore., said many Toyota dealers are in for a shock.\""
"9164" "\"MINNEAPOLIS -- More than 12,000 nurses launched a one-day strike Thursday at 14 Minnesota hospitals in a dispute over nurse-patient ratios levels and pension benefits.\""
"9165" "\"Newport, of IHS Global Insight, pointed out that prices typically decline in the fall, as the housing market slows. Demand dropped notably during the second half of last year, after a popular tax-credit offer for buyers ended.\""
"9166" "\"\\"I am innocent,\\" Davis said moments before he was executed Wednesday night. \\"All I can ask ... is that you look deeper into this case so that you really can finally see the truth. I ask my family and friends to continue to fight this fight.\\"\""
"9167" "\"KMOX (1120 AM )\""
"9168" "\"Christie will also touch on national security and the country's economy.\""
"9169" "\"It's because Cleveland has so much potential. I like to put the city right out there like it could be -- colorful and vibrant. All the colors are there. Cleveland could be a masterpiece if everyone just worked together to make it happen.\""
"9170" "\"Kashmiri had planned several high-profile attacks on targets in India and Pakistan and was a rising star in al-Qaida. U.S. intelligence officials believe Kashmiri was killed in a tribal area of northern Pakistan in June 2011 by a missile fired from a drone.\""
"9171" "\"2. Early shot across the bow: The addition of Paul makes the Clippers an interesting team with a totally different dynamic. Don't know if he intended to do so, but Bryant seemed to be engaging in some early psychological warfare with the Lakers' Staples Center rivals in an interview with Yahoo's Marc Spears.\""
"9172" "\"For all the issues that have hit Johnson's No. 48 team this season, he still has three wins and is a lock to qualify for the Chase for the championship. And no driver dominates those final 10 championship races quite like Johnson and his Hendrick Motorsports crew.\""
"9173" "\"Foothill used its patented stifling defense, which was anchored by 14 blocks from its goalie Amber Oland, to deny the Oilers (24-6) any real chance of winning the game. The highlight of the game came in the second quarter Oland blocked a penalty shot with 5:34 left in the period.\""
"9174" "\"But experts say not to count on Barrymore becoming the next Francis Ford Coppola — that is, unless she plans to buy a respected vineyard. “On the one hand, she could have bought a really nice property and hired a wine-making team, and the fact that her name is on it is beside the point,” says Christopher Shipley, director of sales at Joanne Bordeaux USA and former wine director at ‘21,’ who has yet to try the Barrymore Pinot Grigio.\""
"9175" "\"\\"To throw that many in a row, or to shoot 900, you've got to get breaks,\\" he said. \\"Luck and carry are involved. I carried in the first game.\\"\""
"9176" "\"He said he wanted a guarantee that the spying had stopped, and he wanted an answer to a bigger question: \\"We need to know the why — why the whole community, why all of us,\\" he said.\""
"9177" "\"Rounding out the lineup are keyboardist Jonah Mauer and drummer Jackson Pollis.\""
"9178" "\"A maid, Anna (Karina Smulders), cleans up Agnes’ messes, but it’s indicative of the show’s clinical remoteness that you never feel the affection between caretaker and patient that’s such a key component of the movie.\""
"9179" "\"He received his license 2004 in California, and worked for Los Angeles Helicopters from 2005 to 2007 as a pilot and instructor.\""
"9180" "\"WASHINGTON — The results of an $87,500 year-long forensic investigation of Washington Borough spending presented Tuesday night prompted more questions than answers for some residents.\""
"9181" "\"The story touted a blood sugar test that measured glucose levels by shining infrared light through the skin. Dr. Harold Rifkin, chairman of the International Diabetes Federation Congress (now World Diabetes Congress), called the device a major breakthrough. Dr. Richard C. Eastman, then the top diabetes researcher at the National Institutes of Health, said it could hit pharmacy shelves within a year.\""
"9182" "\"Defensively for Oregon State, the Beavers are No. 2 in the Pac-12 in pass defense, allowing just 222.2 yards per game. But only Colorado (22) and Washington State (18) have given up more passing touchdowns than Oregon State (17).\""
"9183" "\"\\"We get excited about one win, and you're supposed to get excited,\\" center Glen Davis said. \\"We come in here and we punch 'em in the mouth. We're excited about that. But, at the same time, we've got to understand there's still more work to be done. The journey is not done.\\"\""
"9184" "\"Kobe Bryant also didn’t wait as long as he did in Game 1 to score, scoring about three minutes into the quarter.\""
"9185" "\"Saturday's Northeast Regional opener against the Eagles in Worcester, Mass., begins at 2 p.m. MDT (ESPNU).\""
"9186" "\"The Lytro is an exciting and novel leap in digital photography, but because it still has some missing features, like flash and a file format that works in other software, buyers should consider it a second camera, at least for now.\""
"9187" "\"• University Hospitals Case Medical Center (tinyurl.com/unitravel, 216-844-8500) offers both an adult and a pediatric travel clinic (for travelers under age 18). Appointments cost $50 to see the doctor, and there is a separate pricing structure for each vaccination (a yellow fever vaccination costs $102, for example).\""
"9188" "\"A group of soldiers seized power early Thursday after a mutiny in a military camp near the capital. Leaders of the group, dubbed the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy and State, appeared on state television and declared that the constitution had been suspended, the borders closed and all institutions of power dissolved.\""
"9189" "\"In her late 80s, Tanning found a new outlet in poetry. She jokingly referred to herself as \\"the oldest living emerging poet.\\"\""
"9190" "\"Prices aren't changing from the previous models. They will start at $499. Versions capable of accessing cellular networks will cost $629 to $829.\""
"9191" "\"Best Contemporary Folk Album: \\"God Willin' & The Creek Don't Rise,\\" Ray LaMontagne And The Pariah Dogs\""
"9192" "\"Features offered by the apps include:\""
"9193" "\"So we were stupefied to hear two deaths blamed on neti-pot use. Turns out, make that neti-pot misuse. The vital message here: \\"Use all medical devices as directed,\\" even the simplest. Here's the story.\""
"9194" "\"The Wings host the Predators in Game 4 at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday.\""
"9195" "\"\\"Something that is seen as raising taxes is not a popular item,\\" said Rep. Vicki Berger, R-Salem, who co-chairs the House Revenue Committee. She concedes that she probably can't pass legislation this session.\""
"9196" "\"Longtime St. Louis sportscaster Jay Randolph, who also serves as the house handicapper at Fairmount Park for its Tuesday afternoon thoroughbred racing sessions, again will be host of previews of the Triple Crown events on KFNS (590 AM). The shows air at 10 a.m. on race days and this Saturday he's to be joined from Churchill Downs by noted local handicapper Doug Nachman.\""
"9197" "\"Still, there will always be \\"Loud,\\" the song that confidently announces Mac's love of syrup, hatred of your magazine and the fact that he \\"just sold out that Fillmore.\\" It's worth repeating: this is low-stakes stuff, fitting comfortably in Mac's limited wheelhouse. But it's difficult to deny \\"Loud's\\" infectious qualities. Trust me, I've tried.\""
"9198" "\"E! red-carpet commentators Kelly Osbourne and Joan Rivers sat together in the front row.\""
"9199" "\"Her column has appeared in the Chicago Sun-Times since 2001. She is a frequent commentator on National Public Radio and Chicago Public Radio. She has also written a column for the Chicago Tribune. In 1985 Washington was appointed deputy press secretary to Mayor Harold Washington, Chicago's first black mayor. She also served as a producer for the investigative unit at CBS-2/Chicago, correspondent for \\"Chicago Tonight\\" on WTTW-TV, and wrote an op-ed column for the Chicago Tribune.\""
"9200" "\"\\"Chris, I know you can hear me,\\" she said. \\"I want you to know I love you. We all love you, and I miss you more than words can say.\\"\""
"9201" "\"All-Staten Island football Coach of the Year: Jim Bradley, Monsignor Farrell\""
"9202" "\"Sadly, that satisfyingly romantic, truly Gothic sort of love story seems to have gone out of fashion.\""
"9203" "\"814 Millfield Ct, $705,000\""
"9204" "\"As I write about in my book \\"Race and Liberty,\\" these old-style liberals – like their counterparts today (think Ward Connerly) – believed in individual freedom, Christianity, the Constitution, colorblindness and capitalism. These core beliefs were fundamental to the civil rights movements that abolished slavery, tore down the walls of segregation and opened America to immigrants.\""
"9205" "\"There's an ongoing battle over the deficit, a struggle that implies higher taxes if the Democrats win and something else  something still inchoate  if the Republicans prevail.\""
"9206" "\"Job creation, in one way or another, seemed to dominate the discussion. Candidate Darnell Brewer talked about the lack of ward residents working on projects within the ward, an issue on which Boyd also seized. Mitchell said she has been an advocate of the Fannie Lewis Law, which sets employment guidelines for minorities and women.\""
"9207" "\"Republicans, calling the Buffett rule a political sideshow designed to distract voters from the economy's problems, seem certain to round up enough votes to block the bill when the Democratic-run Senate votes on it Monday. But Democrats are eager to hold repeated votes on it this election year to demonstrate that they favor economic equality while Republicans prefer coddling the wealthy, so it's unlikely to disappear soon.\""
"9208" "\"As workers beef up their personal networks, they are avoiding taking personal risks in the workplace. And so are their employers.\""
"9209" "\"He previously received an Oscar nomination for his role last year in \\"A Single Man.\\" He lost to Jeff Bridges in \\"Crazy Heart.\\"\""
"9210" "\"BUBBA WATSON Improbable hook shot in overtime makes Masters winner out of long-hitting Floridian. Welcome to the club.\""
"9211" "\"On Nolan's campaign website, she lists heavy-hitting endorsements from former Gov. Barbara Roberts and former Portland Mayor Vera Katz.\""
"9212" "\"Still, the gap persists, he said.\""
"9213" "\"And before all you Texas fans get hot and bothered, Richardson wasn't talking about illegal benefits to UT players. He was kidding about the Longhorns' lopsided slice of the Big 12 conference revenue sharing.\""
"9214" "\"Peace, justice workshops\""
"9215" "\"To prepare for the Plain Dealer Pizza Playoffs contest, I will have plain toast and hot tea for breakfast and pass up lunch on \\"test day\\" (depending on the time the judging is scheduled to take place) to provide room in my tummy for the taste-sized pizza slices.\""
"9216" "\"Frost the top of one cake, then add the second layer on top of the first and frost until the entire cake is covered.\""
"9217" "\"\\"We're starting to see all the elements come together,\\" Marinucci said.\""
"9218" "\"An application for a search warrant, where authorities explain to a judge their reasons for searching a home, as well as the return warrant, which contains details of what items have been seized, have been sealed by a judge. Such a move is standard during ongoing investigations, according to court and sheriff's officials.\""
"9219" "\"Vega officially starts his new job June 7. His annual salary will be $129,600, which includes a 10 percent reduction for furlough days required of city employees. He also will receive a $400 car allowance and $90 cell phone stipend monthly.\""
"9220" "\"Several local groups, including Hearts of Hope, support a state testing law.\""
"9221" "\"As I get ready to board my plane back to the United States, I take with me a greater appreciation of the perseverance and spirit of the people of this region, as well as a renewed appreciation for the contribution of people from Silicon Valley, where companies like Twitter, Facebook and Google are making a real difference in the lives of people thousands of miles away.\""
"9222" "\"\\"They treated us great,\\" says Stacy, \\"and went to great lengths to protect the younger kids from anything scary.\\"\""
"9223" "\"The summer's pulpiest, juiciest, seediest event is headed west.\""
"9224" "\"A bill that would require county child welfare agencies to conduct such checks passed its first test Tuesday in the Legislature amid guarded questioning by state senators.\""
"9225" "\"Jason has expressed in the past that he doesn't want to call a 30-year-old his boss and would like to go to school. We hope to get married one day, but I am torn because I don't want to support the household on a wing and a prayer. I do everything I can to encourage him, but his lack of effort is becoming discouraging. How can I explain this without it turning into an argument?\""
"9226" "\"Santorum met the financial test. And his representatives turned in delegate lists for 13 of Ohio’s 16 congressional districts, although some of his delegate slates were incomplete, so he can only get one or two delegates rather than three in those areas, according to the Ohio Republican Party.\""
"9227" "\"The governors' cooperation hasn't produced a headline-grabbing accord such as the one between O'Malley and McDonnell's predecessor, Democratic Gov. Tim Kaine. Those two stood side-by-side on the banks of the Potomac River in 2008 to announce a ban on harvesting blue crabs in winter months, a development that is credited with a rebound in the population.\""
"9228" "\"The attempt of Cardinal William Levada and his appointees to curtail the work of the sisters will fail. The sisters, through the leadership Conference of Women Religious and Network, are carrying out the work of the gospel.\""
"9229" "\"Terry, though, answered with a 3-pointer over James with 33 seconds to go, putting Dallas ahead, 108-101. It was the 13th made 3-pointer for the Mavericks in 19 tries -- a remarkable 68 percent from beyond the arc.\""
"9230" "\"Nonetheless, the former Bulldogs player was able to rally the team for a second-half comeback.\""
"9231" "\"\\"The shared appreciation feature was problematic, with no cap on the amount of shared appreciation, either in terms of dollars or time,\\" FHA spokesman Lemar Wooley says.\""
"9232" "\"She congratulated Walston on exercising his right to fight for a cause, but disagreed with his thinking, saying it wasn't bullying.\""
"9233" "\"\\"Neighbors of means and neighbors in need — we're all neighbors,\\" she said.\""
"9234" "\"\\"He shielded me from a lot of what he went through. He's a very tough guy.\\"\""
"9235" "\"\\"We wanted to win (the state title). Just making it to the state championship is an accomplishment itself. I thought we had a really great season.\\"\""
"9236" "\"Q You didn't wear any belts in this shoot -- do you ever wear them?\""
"9237" "\"\\"We've been in every game so far this season and tonight we found a way to finish and get the win,\\" Preds coach Bret Munsey said.  \\"We've got as good a group of players as anybody in the league, and we've just got to believe in ourselves and stay positive.\\"\""
"9238" "\"\\"I don't want us to be an expansion zone,'' LeCrone said. \\"I don't want other people to define us. We define ourselves. We have a proactive expansion plan and we want to work on that quickly.''\""
"9239" "\"Monday: N.J Quarter Horse Association Open Meeting on Barn Fires, Millstone Community Center, 463 Stagecoach Rd., Clarksburg (7 p.m. start).\""
"9240" "\"\\"His whole life was development,\\" Tarwater said.\""
"9241" "\"\\"It's one of the most efficient processes I've been involved in the last few years, and it turned out great,\\" said Steve Hurst, the city councilor who chaired the committee.\""
"9242" "\"The Clementis, residents of Ridgewood in Bergen County, made no mention of Ravi’s recent comments, but the timing of today’s statement appeared designed to blunt the impact of his message.\""
"9243" "\"17 MEADOW RIDGE DR $114,000\""
"9244" "\"\\"There has to be an institutional commitment to get things done,\\" he said. \\"That's really the only way we're going to make an impact.\""
"9245" "\"“I look at my injury as a blessing, rather than a curse,” he said.\""
"9246" "\"Now the technique has matured.\""
"9247" "\"He also discussed Roberto Chavez and Dora De Larios from \\"Art Along the Hyphen\\" at the Autry National Center. Chavez, he says, \\"is someone who experimented in all styles — he's extraordinarily prolific — but it's really his portraiture of Mexican Americans, family members and others, that stands out.\\"\""
"9248" "\"\\"He had the good one today,\\" Huff said. \\"It was getting on your hands. He's got that bowling-ball fastball, and he went after guys.\\"\""
"9249" "\"Baffert didn't doubt that. Then again, he knows how easy it is to get ahead of yourself in the sport, especially when you're supposed to be leading the charge.\""
"9250" "\"Though Gervais caused a lot of controversy, he also brought in a lot of viewers the last two years. And there are hopes that the audience will grow even larger this year.\""
"9251" "\"He adapted to new offensive coordinators, overcame injuries and played from behind year after year. He has withstood media ridicule and withering fan criticism.\""
"9252" "\"10301 Seaton Dr, $23,180\""
"9253" "\"The victim waited outside as officers went up to the house to contact the woman. When she answered the door, she was naked and holding a beer, according to records. She told officers she had been skinny dipping.\""
"9254" "\"Because your white coating is spreading, I imagine it is not paint. But, to be sure which disease you have, you can take infected leaves (in a sealed bag) to a free UC-sponsored plant clinic. There is one from 9 a.m. to noon the first Saturday of each month at the UC Botanical Garden at Berkeley, 200 Centennial Drive. Another meets from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. first Sundays from January through October at the San Mateo Arboretum, 101 Ninth Ave.\""
"9255" "\"While that was higher than its domestic competitors -- Ford's 30 m.p.g. or better vehicles accounted for 36% of its March sales and Chrysler's figure was 16% -- Hyundai/Kia, neither of which sells large pickups or SUVs, is the industry's fuel economy leader with 82.5% of sales from vehicles that get at least 30 m.p.g. Next highest was Honda at 74.5%, Toyota at 53.8% and Nissan at 48.4%.\""
"9256" "\"Benny Carmi, 58, was sentenced Monday afternoon to 10 months in prison and fined $30,000 - and agreed to forfeit $50,000 - for introducing misbranded prescription drugs into interstate commerce, smuggling prescription drugs into the country and selling counterfeit prescription drugs, officials said.\""
"9257" "\"Later, Kershaw threw a bullpen session. Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt said that based on what he saw, he felt comfortable sending Kershaw to face the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday in the Dodgers' home opener.\""
"9258" "\"The state also has something to prove, given its spotty record of successful interventions in local governance. Snyder and the financial advisory board need to show Detroiters -- most of whom just want the lights on, the cops to come and the buses to run on time -- that the state really does intend to improve the city. Will that have to mean new money for the city along with restructuring? Maybe. But the answer is less critical than whether whatever the state does actually works.\""
"9259" "\"\\"King Me\\" was the first of what Glazen hopes will be a new original movie every two years. He and his team already have three offers from distributors for \\"King Me,\\" and the next project, a feature film, is in development. Glazen will decide next week whether to proceed with it.\""
"9260" "\"Refusing to accept the myth that poor children can't be successful in school, Harvey Elementary lives by the mantra of \\"Yes, I can!\\"\""
"9261" "\"\\"The housing component of that is problematic. The housing market remains sort of at bottom,\\" Seneca said. \\"It's not easy to see a residential or commercial space-led revival in construction.\\"\""
"9262" "\"Ignoring that hyperbole, it probably won't be much of a party atmosphere for the players after their scheduled negotiating session with the owners to discuss a new collective bargaining agreement. On Friday, CBSSports.com reported the details of a memo the owners sent to the players this week outlining their initial proposal.\""
"9263" "\"The night Quinton Coples was born, his grandmother, Sandra Johnson, said she spoke over the newborn and told him he was going to be a football player. The 6-5, 284-pound physical specimen was big as a baby, too.\""
"9264" "\"Today and Saturday\""
"9265" "\"Snow is piled so high in some areas that it is causing some roofs to collapse and stressing others.\""
"9266" "\"Wetzel may be the best defensive outfielder in Northeast Ohio. He also owns the school record for stolen bases and triples. This past season he hit .553 with 41 RBIs, 57 hits and 24 stolen bases.\""
"9267" "\"Many U.S. citizens killed by cartel members involved cases of mistaken identity or being in the wrong place at the wrong time, he said.\""
"9268" "\"Booker said he released the police expenditure to show what the city has spent on the arena in addition to its $210 million investment in the building. Since 2007, the city has paid $6.7 million in on-duty police hours and $4.1 million in overtime, Booker and DeMaio said.\""
"9269" "\"The challenge, at least among the Democrats, is that the candidates agree on most issues. Once in Washington, \\"we'd probably vote the same way,\\" said candidate Susan Adams, a Marin County supervisor and longtime nurse.\""
"9270" "\"She put it on and \\"her face lit up,\\" her mother said. \\"She was old enough to understand\\" that just by twitching muscles in the top of her arm she could get the electronic sensors to move the thumb and two opposing fingers, Murphy said. \\"It took her about three months to master it.\\"\""
"9271" "\"The parents of Glenelg sophomore Grace McComas said the 15-year-old took her life after she had been bullied online, though they have not revealed much publicly about the alleged harassment or the details surrounding the teen's suicide.\""
"9272" "\"\\"The intent of whoever did this to cause mayhem, create casualties,\\" Kelly said.\""
"9273" "\"\\"We matched up well against them and it's too bad (Glessing) couldn't go,\\" Chaparral captain Jake Allen said, clutching the state championship trophy. \\"This is great and everyone came together at the right time. Things just gelled and everyone was able to contribute.\\"\""
"9274" "\"AROUND THE TRACK: A series of attractive relay matchups that did not take place in Beijing will happen Saturday at the Penn Relays in a continuation of the popular \\"USA vs. The World\\" series. Men's and women's teams from the U.S. will oppose Jamaica and Trinidad & Tobago in the 4x100 and 4x400 relays. Poor handoffs by both men's and women's teams prevented the U.S. from winning medals in the sprint relays in Beijing. Jamaica is bringing Asafa Powell for the sprint relay but not Usain Bolt ... The Coast Conference community college finals take place Saturday at College of San Mateo starting at 11:30 a.m.\""
"9275" "\"Oden, the No. 1 overall pick in 2007, will be the first top pick since Kwame Brown in 2001 not to sign an extension after his third season.\""
"9276" "\"Andre Creaig, 31, of the first block of Lehigh Court in Sicklerville is charged with murder and possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose.\""
"9277" "\"\\"I worked here a couple of summers, got some of my first jobs here,\\" Santorum said, including shining shoes at a Lake Forest country club.\""
"9278" "\"Piecemakers. A 26-member group of Bible-spewing, denim-wearing quilters who have chosen as their Earthly deity an octogenarian who makes one hell of a custard tart but doesn't know Aquinas from Aqua Net. Quite clearly from another planet, you wonder why the City of Costa Mesa doesn't call I.C.E. on them.\""
"9279" "\"\\"By dynamiting buildings, the firemen hoped to check the conflagration. Much dynamite was used, many buildings blown to atoms, but all was in vain. ... With every report of dynamite, a flock of peacocks near us screamed in fright. It was so light ... that the birds in the trees sang all night long, which made it more weird.\\"\""
"9280" "\"Garb San Diego will offer \\"stylist-led\\" shopping tours throughout neighborhoods of San Diego, beginning this week in Little Italy. It costs $49 to go on the tour, but the locally owned fashion boutiques agree to give discounts of at least 20 percent to tour members. This service is being organized by the creators of Bite San Diego, a food tour.\""
"9281" "\"Heading up Hemisphere’s kitchen is executive chef David Mangano, who brings 16 years of experience to the Sheraton. Mangano makes all of his soups and sauces from scratch, as well as customer favorites such as lasagna, meatloaf and mashed potatoes, and his award-winning ribs. He enjoys creating weekly specials for the restaurant, and he even fulfills special requests.\""
"9282" "\"\\"So we say, 'We think there's a consumer opportunity here that could be better served.' We then look at the brands we already have and the capabilities we have and we say, 'You know what? If I can use something I already own, that's a lot better for the shareholders because it's a lot cheaper to use something I already own.' So if we can, we'll do it that way.\\"\""
"9283" "\"Late Tuesday, JetBlue identified the captain as Clayton Osbon, a 12-year company employee. Attempts to reach Mr. Osbon and his family for comment were unsuccessful. It wasn't clear whether he had a lawyer.\""
"9284" "\"NEW YORK -- On a day that brought both good and bad news about the economy, investors chose to see the glass as half-full.\""
"9285" "\"Sean Caine, a spokesman for the Archdiocese of Baltimore, said in a statement that officials there have again \\"reached out to the State Attorney General and the State's Attorneys for Baltimore City and County, with offers of support and cooperation, including the sharing of information possessed by the Archdiocese that may be helpful in any effort to pursue continued incarceration for Merzbacher,\\" since the recent Supreme Court decisions bolstered the likelihood that he could be released.\""
"9286" "\"Needless to say, the Weiss-Jones household is a highly musical place. Weiss says his son, Justin, now 24, learned quickly how to sleep \\"with the cello playing upstairs and the piano playing downstairs.\\"\""
"9287" "\"James did not try very hard at all last year in the playoffs. Yet it is he whose reputation is being rehabilitated.\""
"9288" "\"As in, \\"Yes, my iPad 3 has a dictation feature, A5X processor and retina display — but no Siri. Thanks, Tim Cook!\\"\""
"9289" "\"2008 – 10-3, Holiday Bowl win\""
"9290" "\"Fogarty acknowledges much of the above, takes responsibility for the project's failure, but provides a broader context.\""
"9291" "\"Christie said he received dozens of emails — some positive but others \\"ugly\\" and \\"awfully disrespectful\\" — criticizing his decision to recognize Houston the same way the state honors soldiers killed in the line of duty.\""
"9292" "\"The world record she broke belonged to a woman old enough to be her mother — a 44-year–old German who squatted 209 pounds.\""
"9293" "\"But, the newspaper’s investigation suggests, cheating has undermined the Blue Ribbon’s integrity while shortchanging students whose achievements have been overstated.\""
"9294" "\"Fax: 314-340-3139\""
"9295" "\" Marco Santana\""
"9296" "\"A couple of years ago the \\"new\\" thing was transit-oriented development, which signaled a drive to place housing close to public transit lines under the assumption that occupants of apartments and condos will use trains and buses to get around. In fact, Palo Alto's new \\"housing element proposal,\\" a 210-page report just released by staff, is structured around that idea.\""
"9297" "\"The theme of the five-day event is “When Ohio Was the Western Frontier.”\""
"9298" "\"\\"We have lots of hard-working, middle-class clients who never made a lot of money but were excellent savers,\\" said Ben Tobias, a certified financial planner in Plantation, Fla.\""
"9299" "\"Hey, Joe: No GM not under sedation would give up the 2012 No. 1 pick for the Browns' two No. 1s and McCoy. Just wouldn't.\""
"9300" "\"Customers who purchase power from Xcel Energy, the parent company for Northern States Power, already are paying 40 to 50 cents more per month to cover line construction in Minnesota, said CapX2020 spokesman Tim Carlsgaard. They can expect to pay about $1.70 a month at the height of the entire project's construction, expected to come around 2014, with decreasing costs as work winds down, Carlsgaard said.\""
"9301" "\"We see many dance styles in the show, all performed with aplomb. But the centerpiece is Jessica Lee Goldyn's performance of \\"The Music and the Mirror,\\" a solo of throbbing individuality. Though it hints at the disco style of the era (in which the show is still set), it's a personal celebration.\""
"9302" "\"Fleming said that after last season's on-the-job training, he entered this camp confident and relaxed as the starter.\""
"9303" "\"The Anne Arundel County Public Library Foundation, the library system's fundraising organization, gave the library the money to buy the e-readers and their accessories.\""
"9304" "\"Scenario: A U.S. citizen rents out a house to a group of college students. During the course of filling out the lease paperwork, one of the students tells the landlord that he is in the country illegally. One Saturday night, police respond to a loud party complaint and find the underage students drinking. During the course of their investigation, they determine one of the students is in the country illegally.\""
"9305" "\"\\"Special thanks to the man named Angel who shared his spare gasoline when I ran out in East Cleveland. He asked only for my prayers . . . he has them and my gratitude\\"\""
"9306" "\"Opinions differed Thursday among legal experts and state officials on whether the financial review team -- or Snyder -- could strike a consent agreement with Mayor Dave Bing and the Detroit City Council during those 10 days.\""
"9307" "\"3 JAMES DR $154,900\""
"9308" "\"The U.S. appears to have given in on a bid to take temporary custody of detainees, presumably for interrogations purposes, according to officials familiar with the talks. The agreement as signed says that the Afghan government will immediately take custody of detainees. The U.S. will only interrogate detainees if asked by the Afghans, according to a U.S. military official involved in the negotiations.\""
"9309" "\"But they still haven't been able to kick their reliance on the earnings tax. This past year, it brought in $136 million, or 31 percent of the city's general fund.\""
"9310" "\"2. Mothers love homemade gifts. But moms prefer them when their construction is supervised by a responsible adult (preferably a mom herself who knows a glitter explosion/tacky glue overdose likewise does not bode well in mom's bed).\""
"9311" "\"One night, still wearing his red velvet pants from a Sweet and Meaty gig, Dietel stopped by a Hunterdon pub for a drink and saw Bernie. “I had just played five of his (Parliament/Funkadelic) songs the night before and there he is just sitting there.”\""
"9312" "\"Rebecca Caprini added 11 points with six rebounds for the Comets. No one else on Solon scored more than five points.\""
"9313" "\"I never expect much at dessert these days, but I was pleasantly surprised by what I found at Nua. Playing off the three-cuisine theme, the menu riffs on three puddings in one dessert ($7) -- creme brulee from France, orange panna cotta from Italy and a tart-sweet lemon cream from Spain, served with macaroons.\""
"9314" "\"Aardsma is using the All-Star Break as his target date for a return. But general manager Brian Cashman said last week that Aardsma was signed with an eye more toward next season.\""
"9315" "\"Business has been booming. “Since March 24, we have sold the equivalent merchandise of three full stores,”Wolff said. It also was emphasized that everything sold at Deja Blue is culled from the 15 stand-alone collection centers throughout the Front Range and that none of it is taken from donation bins at the 24 Goodwill stores. Deja Blue itself is not a drop-off point.\""
"9316" "\"His role with the club for 2012 is in flux. With the acquisition of Hiroki Kuroda and Michael Pineda, the Yankees suddenly have a logjam in their starting rotation. So Hughes (5-5, 5.79 ERA in 2011) could move back to the bullpen — where he excelled in 2009 — or find himself traded.\""
"9317" "\"Well, as you know, big Jim did get into this extra-inning classic. When he came to bat in the bottom of the 12th inning, we just looked at each other as if to say, this is it, the moment we had been waiting for.\""
"9318" "\"Danielle Jokela, 32, who lives in Rogers Park, testified that having the option to clear away student debt in bankruptcy would give borrowers a chip to negotiate with lenders. Currently, she said, there is no incentive for lenders to work with financially strapped borrowers.\""
"9319" "\"McMillan did not respond to multiple interview requests from The Oregonian on Thursday, but Miller -- who broke the news to McMillan over the phone -- said the former coach was \\"taken aback\\" but \\"gracious and professional as always.\\"\""
"9320" "\"In April, a research ship will begin surveying the Atlantic Ocean floor off Nova Scotia as the first step to building a $300 million private fiber-optic line connecting New York and London financial markets to speed up current transmission times -- by about 5 milliseconds.\""
"9321" "\"Google has made its latest move, launching Drive, as it angles to be the one-stop hub for search, Web browsing, social networking, and now storage and content creation. And it has the attention of the competition.\""
"9322" "\"-- Many travel contracts -- contracts that obligate you -- include a \\"forum\\" clause that limits the jurisdictions where you can bring legal action. With some cruise lines, including Costa, clauses require you to sue in a foreign court. As far as I can tell, U.S. courts have been inconsistent about enforcing forum clauses.\""
"9323" "\"When my parents moved to the Cherry Hill neighborhood in Baltimore after World War II, the legacy of Jim Crow was apparent. Theirs was a large, segregated community with poorly repaired roads, broken street lights and other substandard government services. The elected officials in City Hall treated African-Americans as if they didn't exist.\""
"9324" "\"“J.R. Martinez is an inspiration to us all and a natural fit for our theme, ‘Just Imagine’ Jackson said. “J.R. is not only a courageous and engaging role model for us all but has dedicated himself to helping not only servicemen and servicewomen but all Americans facing challenges.\""
"9325" "\"The witty Youngs remains best known for the quiet, confessional \\"F*** was I,\\" the lament of a woman who couldn’t stop herself from falling in love with a close friend. She may break out her acoustic guitar when she takes the stage Thursday at Maxwell’s with her three-piece band. Yet considering the propulsive sound of her \\"An Unwavering Band of Light\\" album, due out Feb. 7, attendees should expect her to rock.\""
"9326" "\"Ed Brubaker, whose recent runs writing Captain America for Marvel have been heaped with critical acclaim, called Simon a \\"pioneer in comics, a mover-and-shaker and probably far ahead of his time.\\"\""
"9327" "\"Here's how Annie Sloan updated a plain white cupboard with colors inspired by 18th-century Venice.\""
"9328" "\"Two years later he was found guilty of crimes against humanity, murder and torture, then sentenced to 35 years in prison. There he remains, the only high-level Khmer Rouge official brought to justice to date.\""
"9329" "\"Occidental was producing 730,000 barrels of oil a day in the first quarter of 2011.\""
"9330" "\"The victory created a three-way tie for first place in the Big\""
"9331" "\"Shares of Bank of America rose 23 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $16.44 in afternoon trading.\""
"9332" "\"CYPRESS – Make no mistake about it – Oxford Academy is a shining star of the U.S. public education system, a testament to the bold wisdom of clustering top-performing students under one roof.\""
"9333" "\"Theft--On April 13 at 10 a.m. on Blossom Hill Road. A wallet that was sitting on a gas pump was stolen.\""
"9334" "\"\\"It's really those cost inputs that have crowded out the superfluous offering of food,\\" Swelbar said. \\"Unfortunately, those little things are what gets cut.\\"\""
"9335" "\"Ryan Williams, RB, Cardinals: Tim Hightower is in Washington now and Beanie Wells has failed to seize the workhorse role envisioned when he was drafted in 2009. Enter Williams, a big-play threat with the potential to jumpstart the league's worst rushing attack. Look for the rookie from Virginia Tech to share carries with Wells early on, with the balance shifting Williams' way as the season wears on, especially if the veteran succumbs to yet another injury.\""
"9336" "\"The St. Louis Area Chapter of the Seabee Veterans of America will host a ceremony dedicating the U.S. Navy Civil Engineer Corps and Navy Seabee monument at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery.\""
"9337" "\"The team announced its decision shortly before the Nuggets faced the Los Angeles Lakers in Game 6 of their playoff series. The team said Anderson was excused \\"as he deals with the reported investigation\\" and declined further comment.\""
"9338" "\"Copley Township Democratic Rep. Betty Sutton raised $455,321 for her congressional re-election campaign in the first quarter of 2012, her campaign says, a figure that brings her closer to closing her fundraising gap with GOP Rep. Jim Renacci of Wadsworth.\""
"9339" "\"-- John Stanley\""
"9340" "\"would have given away a billion dollars in the unlikely event that a monkey drew a series of numbers correctly on national television.\""
"9341" "\"Unable to bridge differences between religious and secular elements in his coalition, Netanyahu said Monday he would hold a new parliamentary election in September—more than a year ahead of schedule. Then, in a stunning last-minute reversal, he reached a deal to bring the centrist Kadima into his government, shoring up the coalition and averting the need for elections.\""
"9342" "\"National statistics only amplify the message. The latest report by Running USA says marathons had more than 500,000 finishers last year, an increase of about 8 percent from 2009. In that context, it's no wonder registration for the 2011 Boston Marathon sold out in a matter of hours.\""
"9343" "\"Adkins agrees. He rides comfortably on his trike despite having two artificial knees. He also has friends who have artificial limbs or immobile arms who still can use trikes.\""
"9344" "\"ø\\"With our team, there is no reason we should be down three games right now,\\" right wing Matt D'Agostini said. \\"But we are the type of team that is very capable of coming back in this series. There is a lot of promise still in this room and we have a lot of belief in our guys and what we can do, so don't count us out just yet.\\"\""
"9345" "\"\\"I never felt comfortable flying, so I went and got my pilot's license,\\" he said. \\"I never felt comfortable with being in an awkward situation, so I took up martial arts. I just always wanted to take on my fears head-on. That's kind of the way I approach golf. If there's a shot that I don't feel comfortable with, I'll go on the range and work on it until I do, until I turn that weakness into strength.\""
"9346" "\"“Regionals is like anything else, there’s nothing guaranteed,’’ said Chaplin. “We’ve been doing a fabulous job of training for this, but we’re on Auburn’s home court and we know it’s always a fight when you get into the post-season. You’ve got to come ready to compete.’’\""
"9347" "\"Hopkins, who went 10-2 with one save and a 2.24 earned-run average as a junior, had been considering junior colleges as well as Division II Lindenwood University before the Cougars offered him an opportunity.\""
"9348" "\"I was glad the race was staying green because our truck is better on the longer runs. I knew that if we had four tires and were close enough when we came off pit road we could run them back down, and we were able to do that and pull away.\""
"9349" "\"The 6-0 vote in January by the Office of Congressional Ethics, which is run by a board that does not include members of Congress, sent the case to the member-run House Ethics Committee. The ethics committee said Wednesday its investigation was continuing, but made the report public in accordance with House rules.\""
"9350" "\"Among the Annapolis power brokers mentioned in court documents are Gil Genn, a lobbyist who testified before the grand jury, and Timothy Maloney, a former Prince George's County delegate who prosecutors say helped Currie forge a deal at the heart of the case.\""
"9351" "\"The omission baffles and angers the family of Rachel Gilliam, a college student who was allegedly run over and killed by 23-year-old Carlos Castillo as she tried to hail a cab on the morning of Nov. 1, 2009.\""
"9352" "\"He talks about academics who have moved out of the state and the difficulty of hiring replacements for them. But did it occur to him that the business and tax environments of Gov. Martin O'Malley, Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller and House Speaker Michael Busch are so unattractive that many people would prefer to stay where they are or go to more favorable states than Maryland?\""
"9353" "\"In Mexico, the virus is suspected of killing more than 150 people and sickening more than 2,400. Recent information suggests swine flu-related hospital admissions and deaths may have peaked and are declining, but no other country has shown any numbers close to those seen in Mexico.\""
"9354" "\"Kent Place partnered with From Houses to Homes to offer a one-week journey to Antigua, Guatemala. From Houses to Homes aims to strengthen community harmony in highland Guatemala by building lasting, healthy homes, improving access to health care and education, and inspiring participation between the poor and civil society. The Kent Place team was responsible for building two homes in a five-day period. The students were also able to explore and engage in local culture, and spent afternoons at a school within the village.\""
"9355" "\"The newest kid on the block again gobbled up a big chunk of market share from its competitors, all but one of whom saw gaming revenue decline by double digits from the same month last year.\""
"9356" "\"obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility\""
"9357" "\"“There was no conflict,” said Nestore, adding that the payment was in accordance with a court-order.\""
"9358" "\"Sprint also said it’s paying Clearwire $926 million for unlimited use of its WiMax network in 2012 and 2013, and intends to establish a usage-based contract for 2014 and beyond.\""
"9359" "\"In any format, Gingrich will be vociferously attacking Obama on everything from gas prices to religious issues. In an acknowledgment of his failed campaign, Gingrich in recent weeks focused on conservative ideals rather than his plans for the White House. He essentially could travel the country between now and November giving the same speech, just not surrounded by Secret Service agents and national TV cameras.\""
"9360" "\"It was still a cool 46 degrees and we hadn't thought to bring coffee, so my husband and I sat in the car and watched the stars blink out one by one. As light filled the dark bowl of the valley, pronghorn antelope and deer appeared, calmly grazing as if they weren't being watched by hundreds of people a mere football field away.\""
"9361" "\"Is it the chewiness of steel-cut oatmeal that turns you off? Or the time it takes to cook? Try making it overnight in a slow cooker. You'll wake up to an \\"instant\\" super-creamy oatmeal that we bet will change your mind. Add some walnuts, raisins or dried cranberries, and get your day off to a brilliant start. And steel cut will keep in your fridge. We make ours on the weekend and enjoy it all week.\""
"9362" "\"The Olympics are (almost) back, and it's a good time to sing again the ballad of Jesse Owens, the black American track star who put the lie to Adolf Hitler's master-race malarkey at the 1936 Summer Olympics by winning four gold medals. (It's never not a good time to sing that song, of course.) \\"Jesse Owens,\\" premiering Tuesday on PBS SoCal as part of the series \\"American Experience,\\" is the latest work to take up that inspiring tune.\""
"9363" "\"BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: St. Charles Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. May 25, Bogey Hills Country Club, 1120 Country Club Road, St. Charles. For more information, contact Nichole Olea at 636-751-1135.\""
"9364" "\"March 1862: The U.S. Congress introduced a bill to create the Arizona Territory using a north-to-south border, which is the 109th meridian. That is now the Arizona-New Mexico border.\""
"9365" "\"Wednesday's COLA announcement comes as a special joint committee of Congress weighs options to reduce the federal government's $1.3 trillion budget deficit. In talks this summer, Obama floated the idea of adopting a new measure of inflation to calculate the COLA, one that would reduce the annual increases.\""
"9366" "\"\\"This is the only segment with double-digit growth,\\" said Namrita Chow, a Shanghai-based analyst at IHS Automotive. She said SUVs had significantly higher profit margins than sedans, giving manufacturers every incentive to push the segment here at a time when global sales remain slow.\""
"9367" "\"It was obvious the Bears offensive line was missing a quality left tackle last season. It also lacked the one intangible that can allow a unit to overcome such a handicap.\""
"9368" "\"James E. Akins, 83, U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia during the Arab oil embargo in the 1970s, died of a heart attack July 15 at a retirement village in Mitchellville, Md., his daughter Mary Beth Colvill said.\""
"9369" "\"The two made the dolls kiss before checking to see if the McGraw doll was anatomically correct. \\"There's nothing there,\\" Paisley said in amazement.\""
"9370" "\"Members of Congress can either “stand with the big oil companies,” Obama said, “or they can stand with the American people.”\""
"9371" "\"Love quickly emerged as a top-flight player who logged nearly 40 minutes a night, leaving the playing time for Williams a little harder to come by. He averaged 8.8 points and 4.7 rebounds per game, routinely finding himself on the bench for long stretches because coach Rick Adelman was displeased with his performance on the defensive end.\""
"9372" "\"\\"I wasn't very confident,\\" he said.\""
"9373" "\"Pour off the fat from the roasting pan, leaving the juices behind. Put the roasting pan on top of the stove over medium-high heat and add the remaining wine and 1/2 cup water, scraping up any clinging bits from the pan, and reduce to about 3/4 cup. Strain through a chinoise or a wire mesh sieve into a small saucepan. Return to medium heat and add the 2 tablespoons butter, stirring until it melts, about 1 minute.\""
"9374" "\"A retired NASA investigator said it was either lost in the bureaucracy or stolen to sell for millions of dollars.\""
"9375" "\"This particular letter writer lies somewhere in between on the privacy scale, but in these days of easy Internet searches, privacy is a relative thing. It will not ease his mind to learn that in a matter of minutes, any savvy webcrawler could find out his age, where he's lived before, his party affiliation, any brushes he's had with the law and whom he's donated money to -- in addition to his street address.\""
"9376" "\"When asked how he was feeling, the pause was just long enough to signify that Gore was the same as he had been each of the last six seasons in the NFL.\""
"9377" "\"A loving wife, mother, and grandmother, Sylvia was survived by her sister Cele, her husband Thomas, daughter Charlene (Richard) sons Roger (Sandy) and James (Mary), grandchildren Casey, Carrie, Crissy, Michelle, Nichole, Maria, Thomas, Angela, and Gian Christopher; great grandchildren, Justin, Tristin, Austin, Adeline, Catlin, Michaela, Kimmie, Shaylene, Nathan, Matthew, Mason, Alex, Cooper, and great-great grandson Gabriel.\""
"9378" "\"F Cory Remekun 6-8\""
"9379" "\"Mary Coogan, the group’s assistant director who co-wrote the report, recalled how an Essex County family court judge asked the state’s child welfare agency to attach photos to each child’s file \\"to remind him these are real kids we are talking about.\\"\""
"9380" "\"4. \\"Modern Family\\" (ABC, Wednesday) – Cameron's dad visits\""
"9381" "\"10-18 Bakersfield, Calif., Rabobank Arena\""
"9382" "\"Meanwhile, IndyCar on Thursday officially released its 2012 schedule, which includes the Baltimore Grand Prix, slated for Sept. 2.\""
"9383" "\"CATHLAMET, Wash. -- The Wahkiakum County sheriff's office is encouraging people in flood-prone areas to evacuate before expected heavy rains make roads impassable.\""
"9384" "\"Joseph Tetteh is looking for the next Google, but he'll settle for solar-powered garbage compactors.\""
"9385" "\"\\"The point needs to be made that we do not settle frivolous lawsuits. It’s too expensive in the long run,\\" Moratti said.\""
"9386" "\"The latest terror threat in New York came last fall when air shuttle driver Najibullah Zazi admitted to a foiled homemade bomb plot aimed at the city subway system.\""
"9387" "\"Both are unique and tied to other Symon restaurants in the area and will be open before and during all events.\""
"9388" "\"Hulings also covered the story as literary editor for La Vie, the student-run Penn State yearbook. Editor-in-Chief Jessica Uzar, another senior, said staff discussed with advisers how to handle the scandal and its aftermath before quickly determining the issues had to be covered objectively.\""
"9389" "\"If Amex doesn't do a new credit inquiry, you'll be stung a little by closing an old account and opening a new one -- a combination that will reduce the average age of your accounts. But I wouldn't worry about this unless you're getting ready to buy a house and need every possible point on your score.\""
"9390" "\"Playing at first base, Fairbanks has led the team in hitting. He's batting .377 with four doubles, one triple, five home runs, 17 RBI, 14 runs scored, a .522 OBP and .774 slugging percentage.\""
"9391" "\"Most perennials are sun lovers. Watch the pattern of sun throughout the day and select a spot that has at least six hours of sunlight (bright sun-dappled shade is OK). If possible, choose a spot that can be viewed from a window, deck or terrace. After all, perennials put on quite a show.\""
"9392" "\"Santa Rosa's Levi Leipheimer fractured a fibula in his left leg last weekend when hit by a car on a training ride a day before the start of Pais Vasco in northern Spain, Quick-Step cycling team announced Thursday.\""
"9393" "\"“We started an investigation into his use of steroids to verify that they were in fact medically prescribed,” Stoma said.\""
"9394" "\"The dish isn't as unusual as it was 20 years ago, but its appeal continues for several reasons, Mina believes.\""
"9395" "\"Davis Roots makes equity investments in the ventures. That and fundraising will fuel the nonprofit, Hargadon said.\""
"9396" "\"2. \\"South Pacific\\" -- because it's perfect\""
"9397" "\"3 poblano or Anaheim peppers, quartered, seeded\""
"9398" "\"Scott Dikkers, general manager, The Onion: \\"We're big fans of Zach Galifianakis' 'Between Two Ferns' show. That's how we get all of our entertainment industry news.\\"\""
"9399" "\"It found that the jobless rate for veterans of all eras combined was 8.7 percent in 2010, slightly lower than the 9.4 percent for nonveterans. The rate for young male veterans, or those ages 18 to 24, was 21.9 percent.\""
"9400" "\"He’s in the midst of a seven-year contract under which his salary averages $3.53 million.\""
"9401" "\"\\"I don't know what kind of album 'The Chronic' would have been without the riots,\\" said Kurupt, who rapped on the record when he was 19. He recently appeared in the VH-1 documentary \\"Uprising: Hip Hop and the L.A. Riots.\\"\""
"9402" "\"\\"Nothing yet,\\" he said. \\"We're talking right now. I want a long contract. We'll see.\\"\""
"9403" "\"After landslides killed five people in 1996 in western Oregon, the state launched a safety initiative that called for landslide hazard maps. State geologists developed taxpayer-funded maps, which put much of Woodhurst Place in an extreme hazard zone.\""
"9404" "\"Bainbridge Township GOP Rep. Steve LaTourette will miss the speech because of illness, his office said, declining to release more specifics.\""
"9405" "\"Chicharello reportedly denied being in the collision. According to court documents, as Chicharello was standing in front of a 67th Avenue street sign, he told officers he was at 40th Street, almost to his home.\""
"9406" "\"The districts outperformed their peers countywide, posting average Academic Performance Index scores above 860 out of 1,000, performing nearly perfectly on No Child Left Behind goals and recording minimal rates of truancy and misconduct.\""
"9407" "\"But Guillen doesn't deserve the same fate as Petrino.\""
"9408" "\"The archives will hold personal papers, business documents, photographs, song manuscripts, posters and other items from rock's movers and shakers.\""
"9409" "\"Notes: The former assistant conductor of the Cleveland Orchestra and current music director of the New York Philharmonic returns to Severance Hall to lead an eclectic German program highlighting concertmaster Preucil.\""
"9410" "\"And, as AARP Florida's Jack McRay said, \\"If there was not a need, why did Florida apply for the money in the first place?\\"\""
"9411" "\"View full sizeUniversity of PortlandChris Sperry endured 12 losing seasons at the University of Portland, but the program turned a corner three years ago. Shortly after finishing his college baseball career at the University of Portland in 1989, Chris Sperry sat down at his parents' kitchen table in Battle Ground. Across from him sat veteran Vancouver baseball scout Hank Jones of the Los Angeles Dodgers.\""
"9412" "\"According to FLDemocracy2012.com, Christie downplayed the inevitable running mate talk that comes with such advocacy, even as he kept the door open.\""
"9413" "\"North, perhaps, to Alton, where Azcon Corp. operates a scrap yard near the Mississippi River, several observers said.\""
"9414" "\"\\"I was like, 'Oh, man,'\\" said Kessler, a redshirt freshman. \\"But I was happy for him because he's such a great guy to be around and learn from.\\"\""
"9415" "\"If the new map withstands a Republican federal court challenge, Walsh contended that the tea party movement would help him get re-elected, even in a Democratic-leaning district. Walsh said he believes that the group represents \\"damn near\\" every Republican and independent voter.\""
"9416" "\"At Penn, a team of specialists has been assembled to interview and evaluate hand transplant candidates. The team includes social workers, psychologists, ethicists, and financial counselors, as well as physicians.\""
"9417" "\"I asked one of the retail shops to please call the mall for me. They did this and still no one came. I had to walk the mall until I found a security guard.\""
"9418" "\"Actually the disclosure didn't cause much of a stir at New School for the Arts & Academics, a small charter school in Tempe where a boy with blue hair or a girl in a \\"Star Trek\\" uniform doesn't raise any (sometimes-pierced) eyebrows. Max wasn't even the school's first transgender teenager.\""
"9419" "\"The area's business bankruptcies more than doubled during the recession, from 176 in 2007 to a peak of 401 in 2009. In the first three quarters of 2011, St. Louis had 186 filings.\""
"9420" "\"Chinese consumers are so used to bootlegs that particular pirate \\"brands\\" with names like Red Dragon, Monkey King and Pegasus have loyal followings. Some of the more established pirate brands are experimenting with watermarks of their own, in an effort to distinguish their products from those made by smaller bootleg outfits. The high-end pirates don't deal in copies of movies recorded in theaters with shaky hand-held cameras; rather, they make bootleg copies of authentic DVDs, known as D9s, that often offer more features than an authorized DVD of the same movie sold in an American Wal-Mart. Some brands put together exquisitely packaged box sets or collectors' editions.\""
"9421" "\"1 medium whole carrot\""
"9422" "\"The Republican nomination will be cinched by whichever candidate amasses 1,144 delegates. The importance of Super Tuesday was evident in other numbers: Before Tuesday, 353 delegates had already been won, with Romney having the most.\""
"9423" "\"-- Robert F. Kennedy\""
"9424" "\"Meanwhile, about 450 current and former employees are learning they won't get a paycheck Friday. Government regulators who seized AmTrust discovered a payroll glitch from 2005 that caused hundreds of people to receive an extra two weeks of pay four years ago. So the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. is docking it now, including from some people who just got laid off.\""
"9425" "\"\\"He's going to do a lot more than what he did (Saturday) night,\\" Washington said Sunday.\""
"9426" "\"For Dungeness crab or Oktoberfest bratwurst, locals gather at Reedville Cafe, formerly a rough and tumble biker bar called The Shack. Owner Rick Van Beveren said some look down their nose at strip malls, but he appreciates the diversity and independent businesses made possible by real estate cheaper than places such as Orenco Station in Hillsboro.\""
"9427" "\"No reason or other details were immediately available, and Pinnacle has released no official statement. A message left with George was not returned Tuesday.\""
"9428" "\"She said she'll miss living in Dallas, but she hinted that Odom could return to L.A.\""
"9429" "\"In an interview, Harris said that the crash was so traumatic \\"it flicks a switch on/off inside of you to where you don't want to be in that situation again.\\"\""
"9430" "\"On Wednesday, officials in the San Francisco Planning Department and city attorney's office were looking into whether Cowen broke any city laws when he had the tree cut down.\""
"9431" "\"POR Johnson Eddie F $ 80,000.00 $ 88,000.00\""
"9432" "\"Look, if there's anything you need to talk about, come to me and we'll deal with it, he said.\""
"9433" "\"Hill also said Cerf is still a member of the TEAM Academy board, but he expects the commissioner-elect to have to step down from that post before becoming commissioner.\""
"9434" "\"GM spokesman Jim Cain described the Treasury Department's move as \\"fairly routine\\" because of the government's relationship with the Detroit-based automaker.\""
"9435" "\"Kim Jong-un?\""
"9436" "\"1. Continue with the initial closure plan of closing Uplands and Bryant elementary schools next year, but add portable units at River Grove Elementary. The plan is expected to save $1.8 million in its first year, followed by $2.1 million the next year.\""
"9437" "\"Don't sign the contract until you read the title, which will tell you, for example, if the car happened to be in New Orleans during Katrina or was formerly owned by Avis Car Rental.\""
"9438" "\"Bills for non-smartphone subscribers on contract-based plans are shrinking at about the same rate. Only by shifting these subscribers to smartphone contracts has AT&T been able to keep its average monthly bill for all contract-based plans rising, by 1.7 percent from a year ago.\""
"9439" "\"If the lengthy Republican battle didn't make voters fall in love with Romney, it certainly solidified conservative dislike of Obama. Love got Democrats to the polls in 2008. Hate may be the driver that turns out Republicans this November.\""
"9440" "\"\\"A lot of people were saying Memphis was too close to Atlanta and too small,\\" John Moore, chief executive of the Greater Memphis Chamber of Commerce, said of anxiety before the merger. \\"But I knew early on the merger would be good for us. This airport is complementary to Atlanta.\\"\""
"9441" "\"In Game 2, Collinsville overcame a slow start and climbed to within one of Edwardsville on a block by the Kahoks' Meg Votoupal that made the score 9-8. But Edwardsville doused the Collinsville rally, taking off on a run that boosted the lead to 20-12 on a kill by Espenesa.\""
"9442" "\"Reynolds, dressed in a blazer, spoke eagerly of a town center complete with 1,100 hotel rooms, condos and time-share units. He said it was a legacy he was proud to leave Georgia.\""
"9443" "\"Advancing to the NCAA tournament has been an annual tradition for the Blue Jays, who have qualified for the postseason every year since the tournament format was introduced in 1971.\""
"9444" "\"In February it reached the lowest level since October 1996.\""
"9445" "\"Michael Spitz, a season ticket holder from Union Township, said it was obvious the police presence had been scaled back. \\"When we left the arena about 6 p.m., it seemed there were throngs of people crossing the street and no police,\\" he said. \\"They weren’t there.\\"\""
"9446" "\"Class 2 District 2\""
"9447" "\"But Chen told a news conference in Hong Kong that caution was the only choice, especially amid fears that the flu could have mutated into an even more virulent form.\""
"9448" "\"Are you a season ticket holder? If so, where are your seats? If not, how often do you get down to JELD-WEN Field?\""
"9449" "\"The confirmation of the upcoming meeting comes one day after Brewer's office issued a scathing rebuke of the Obama administration, saying the governor was \\"stunned\\" and \\"angered\\" to learn the federal government planned to sue Arizona over Senate Bill 1070, the state's tough new immigration law.\""
"9450" "\"Brooke: I consider myself a big feeder. I feed Kelly a lot in clutch situations. That’s mostly when we have our connection, at the end of games or when goals are really needed. I’m a feeder, but she’s definitely more of a finisher.\""
"9451" "\"As of May 1, New Jersey has received just over nine inches of rain this year, which puts the state more than five and a half inches behind the typical pace, according David Robinson, the state climatologist at Rutgers University. That makes this the 4th driest January to April interval since records began being kept in 1895.\""
"9452" "\"Rangasamy and Bharathi Elumalai, of Wilmington, Del., brought their daughter to see the Statue of Liberty because she has always wanted to see it.\""
"9453" "\"\\"I heard her scream my name - she sounded terrified. So I picked up a bicycle and threw it through the window,\\" Paquette told EastBayRI.com. \\"I just grabbed her - she was crying, frightened.\\"\""
"9454" "\"Israel's repertoire is built on 10 starters -- oysters on the half-shell, polenta, soup and assorted salads -- plus a handful of entrees that includes a daily pasta and an excellent grilled fish option. And there's always a risotto of the day -- creamy-firm Italian arborio rice mingled with duck, salty ham, wild mushrooms and other interesting ingredients.\""
"9455" "\"“We had quite a few offensive chances,” Toews said. “We got one at the start of the game and a big goal at the end. We just didn’t get the winner. If we keep playing like that I think we’re going to keep getting the result we want.”\""
"9456" "\"When you've found a nanny you love, it's important to do some official fact-checking. As you check a nanny's references, you'll want to ask challenging and specific questions. For instance, ask a reference to reveal one bad thing about their experience with the nanny. Find out how often the nanny was unable to come to work. Ask the reference if they've ever checked up on the nanny. To get a sense of a nanny's engagement level for the child she cared for, ask her reference what outings she arranged for the child and if she arranged playdates.\""
"9457" "\"Economist John Tapogna, president of ECONorthwest and a consultant for the Business Plan, said the number exceeded 26,000, using the survey of households from December 2010 to December 2011. Tapogna said Oregon Business Plan managers have consistently applied this yardstick, which takes in more workers than the nonfarm payroll measure long used by state and national agencies.\""
"9458" "\"I grew up in Wentzville and have watched it grow as well, but with these trying times we are in we all need to make sacrifices. I agree a quality education in a child's life is very important. But every other school district in St. Charles County is making cuts. I pass by Heritage Elementary every day going to and from work, and they just finished an upgrade on the entrance to the school. They could have saved that money and put it toward another improvement.\""
"9459" "\"Later that day in Elkridge, two people, one of whom the victim knew, were reported to have forced their way inside a home on the 8000 block of Paul Martin Drive and stolen a large toolbox and a hunting bow. The incident was reported at 7:30 p.m.\""
"9460" "\"Q. Some of your choices over the last few years have been pretty radical, too. Like “One Hour Photo,” or “World’s Greatest Dad.” These strange, dark little films.\""
"9461" "\"-- The property in the Ravenswood gap is held by the Mid-Peninsula Open Space District, the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. In talks last month, the open space district said it is considering giving the PUC an easement on Ravenswood property to lay down water pipes from Hetch Hetchy Reservoir in exchange for land to build the Bay Trail. Such a project would be combined with Fish and Wildlife restoration and could be completed in four years.\""
"9462" "\"City leaders put $100,000 toward several public service agencies, focusing on those that serve seniors, youth and the homeless.\""
"9463" "\"Higher interest rates in China might attract more inflows of speculative \\"hot money\\" that regulators worry might be fueling a dangerous bubble in stock and real estate prices. Beijing has tried to block such flows, and analysts suggested earlier that might have been a reason for delaying a rate increase.\""
"9464" "\"\\"Last year was a great year, and I can always look back on that,\\" he said. \\"But part of it was, I had a lot of good luck. A lot of stuff went my way. This year, not so much. But I've been able to stay productive.\\"\""
"9465" "\"Ean Tafoya is a lot like other members of Generation Y who regard owning a car as nothing more than a big pain.\""
"9466" "\"You pass gas about 14 times a day. We all do. Even Dr. Oz does -- not good on the set of the show! (Dr. Mike is writing this column.) Fortunately, most go unnoticed. Otherwise, a four-hour conference with 10 people would deliver 24 wind-breakers. Meeting adjourned!\""
"9467" "\"1809 Vista Ridge Ln, $75,000\""
"9468" "\"The 1,500-square-foot store features a variety of antiques, including an 1885 mahogany dresser, but what shoppers seem to remember most is Brucks' tell-it-like-it-is attitude and blunt personality.\""
"9469" "\"\\"My brother and I would go straight to the humor section,\\" Selsberg says. \\"I guess I was always looking for people trying to say something real, but in a goofy way.\\"\""
"9470" "\"Prosecutors made cryptic references to eight examples of the former Cuyahoga County commissioner “using his power to try and manipulate the judicial system\\" in court filings Friday, but documents detailing the accusations have been sealed.\""
"9471" "\"Conclusive scientific evidence supports a low-fat, plant-based diet for optimal health. Peer-reviewed studies find that people who avoid meat cut their risk of obesity, diabetes and heart disease -- the No. 1 cause of death in America. Researchers have found that low-fat, plant-based diets can even help reverse type 2 diabetes and heart disease after these diseases have already set in.\""
"9472" "\"3. Transfer the batter to a loaf pan. Bake for 1 hour or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then remove from the pan and cool completely on a wire rack.\""
"9473" "\"The coroner's office tentatively identified the pilot of the Cirrus as 58-year-old Robert Matthews of Boulder, and the passenger as 56-year-old Mark A. Matthews of Englewood, Colo.\""
"9474" "\"\\"Life is hard,\\" Wang said. \\"I have to struggle for this.\\"\""
"9475" "\"It's here that you'll find Proxy, our winner for Square 18. This experimental urban space designed by Oakland's Envelope Architecture + Design is a celebration of food, art, retail and culture.\""
"9476" "\"\\"There's no question that today was a better day than last Thursday,\\" Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver said. \\"I think it's too early — not just in the morning — but still in the negotiations to express confidence that we're at a deal. But there's no question though that we did make progress on some significant issues, but there are still some very significant issues left.\\"\""
"9477" "\"Discussions about the trip have been going on for nearly a year, Boerma said, and everybodys intent, including Dave Brandon, was for the band to go.\""
"9478" "\"We've often said part of the reason for this column is to act as a forum for public discussion. Send in your favorite safety tip and we'll look at compiling them in a future column.\""
"9479" "\"Urban Studio Cafe's demise does not necessarily mean that such a model can't work in poorer neighborhoods.\""
"9480" "\"Fitterer said the lone loss gave them even more incentive.\""
"9481" "\"Norman Dotson is a seventh-year student at Wayne State University.\""
"9482" "\"\\"I came in prepared and ready to work,\\" he said. \\"I didn't have any expectations.\\"\""
"9483" "\"Sold as a yearling for a paltry $11,000, ridden by a rookie jockey hardly anyone knew and stuck in an outside post no horse had ever won from -- not exactly a blueprint for success at Churchill Downs.\""
"9484" "\"Republicans contend that Pelosi had known all along that that top al Qaeda suspects were being harshly interrogated for information on future plots, but only called it torture after the interrogations became public and inflamed her liberal base. They say it is unfair to investigate former Bush officials if Pelosi was also complicit.\""
"9485" "\"Nicole Stacey, Recovery Resources’ social worker at Rocky River Middle School, urges parents to “start conversations with your children about the dangers of alcohol and other drugs as early as possible, along with your conversations about other safety issues. The younger they are when you begin that dialogue,” she said, “the more likely they are to be able to handle those situations when they arise.”\""
"9486" "\"Height/weight: 6-foot, 185 pounds\""
"9487" "\"The same killer is believed to have carried out the murders of three middle-aged homeless men in the past several weeks.\""
"9488" "\"Taxidermy is not quick work. If you kill an animal this year, you're not going to see the finished product until next November. Once a customer brings in his prized bloody hide, Snyder has to flesh and salt the animal, send it to a tannery, prep the skin and place it over a foam mannequin before he ever even begins the painstaking artistic process of sculpting an animal into a lifelike statue.\""
"9489" "\"Broma, based in Cleveland, is one of several companies that have surfaced in the federal probe that focuses on Commissioner Jimmy Dimora and Auditor Frank Russo. Neither man has been charged, and both maintain their innocence. More than 20 people -- among them politicians, former county employees and businessmen -- have pleaded guilty to corruption-related crimes.\""
"9490" "\"Dramatic finish  Among the day's more inspiring finishes was that of Jessica Johnston, 31, of San Francisco.\""
"9491" "\"The worst unrest in London in decades saw buildings, vehicles and garbage dumps set alight, stores burglarized and police officers pelted with bottles and fireworks, as groups of young people rampaged through neighborhoods across the capital.\""
"9492" "\"Star Ledger.\""
"9493" "\"At El Palmar, folks are hungry and they have certain needs. They want friendly, efficient service and they don't want to hear smirks when they mispronounce \\"huevos rancheros.\\" They want substantial portions and lively flavors. Then they want to be on their way.\""
"9494" "\"Obama wants to spend money on public works, cut payroll taxes for individuals and businesses and help local governments avoid laying off public workers.\""
"9495" "\"3. There hasn't been this much anticipation about an athlete's future since the O.J. Simpson verdict\""
"9496" "\"Friday marked just the 10th time in 285 career starts that Zambrano completed at least seven innings without walking a batter. He did it once last season against the Astros and before that hadn't accomplished the feat since doing it three times in 2008.\""
"9497" "\"\\"The government must stop first and then discuss a cessation of hostilities with the other side,\\" Annan spokesman Ahmad Fawzi told reporters in Geneva on Friday. \\"We are appealing to the stronger party to make a gesture of good faith ... The deadline is now.\\"\""
"9498" "\"Other ventures off-property included West End, the hip, dusty little town at the end of the island and a 15-minute drive from AKR. Although all meals were included in our dive package, we sometimes went for dinner at one of several excellent restaurants. Tongs Thai Island Cuisine was our favorite. The liveliest bar scene was at Sundowners, but that required leaving the kids behind on movie night. The shopping in West End erred toward the hippie: parachute silk pants, kites, wind chimes, that sort of thing, but the Lenca pottery, with beautiful black and white geometric designs made by Honduran highland women, was worth the drive.\""
"9499" "\"Shaun, sitting behind his mother in the backseat, was struck in his back and right thigh. The others weren't hit, but a tire on their Grand Prix was shot.\""
"9500" "\"The one thing the playwright seems most interested in is Alsop’s homosexuality, which here becomes the key to his life — this Citizen Kane’s Rosebud.\""
"9501" "\"Currency chaos and defaults by governments and companies would weaken European banks and also cause them to stop lending to one another. Because banks are connected globally, a credit freeze in Europe would spread. As it did in 2008, a credit freeze would cause stock markets to sell off worldwide, and another deep recession would probably follow.\""
"9502" "\"Duncan hit a solo drive off Will Ohman in the seventh. He also doubled and scored on Jason Kipnis' two-out double in the second, giving Cleveland a 1-0 lead.\""
"9503" "\"The U.S. is spending more than $9 billion this year to support Afghan security forces. After American troops depart, the administration is promising to pay $2.2 billion a year, more than half the amount that the U.S. estimates is needed for security.\""
"9504" "\"The second set of letters appeared to be love letters, written to Ted in 1950 and 1951 and all signed “Glenna.”\""
"9505" "\"Brio is one of two brands out of the Columbus, Ohio-based Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc. Brio is the upscale brand, while Bravo is described by the company as \\"polished casual.\\" The planned 7,800-square-foot restaurant will include indoor eating for 230 with outdoor patio seating for approximately 30 more.\""
"9506" "\"some critics echo Wu's concerns and fear \\"what's going on here is the justices\""
"9507" "\"“We will be seeing more produce that the customer is asking for,” he said.\""
"9508" "\"Tishman Speyer will start work on two Class A offices in San Francisco and expects annual rent gains in the \\"high single digits\\" when leasing begins in 2014, said co-CEO Rob Speyer.\""
"9509" "\"Miller said he believed IndyCar would go to great lengths to ensure the race happens.\""
"9510" "\"Scripps Rancho Bernardo Clinic, 15004 Innovation Drive\""
"9511" "\"Prepare the vegetables for the broth: Stud the rounded side of each onion half with 3 cloves. Lightly film the bottom of a skillet with the olive oil and place over high heat. When the skillet is hot, add the onion halves, cut side down. Cook until the cut sides are evenly blackened, about 5 minutes. They will smoke, so turn on an exhaust fan if possible.\""
"9512" "\"The combination of the team's first-ever Major League Soccer home game, a sold-out Jeld-Wen Field and a national television audience will create a festive and raucous atmosphere when the Timbers host Chicago Thursday at 8 p.m. The Timbers say the fan support could be the intangible that could help lift them to their first league win.\""
"9513" "\"In case you've jumped to the conclusion that Pizzeria Ortica may have been inspired by Pizzeria Mozza, I'd say you're probably right. What chef wouldn't want to emulate the success of the Silverton-Batali juggernaut? But Pizzeria Ortica is not a carbon copy. For one thing, the menu includes pasta, some of the best in Southern California, plus a fine antipasti and salad menu, and a handful of well-conceived main courses.\""
"9514" "\"Cirovski said the Hall-Wallace combination was a potent mixture of speed and athleticism on the left side.\""
"9515" "\"“I feel pretty good,” King said of his chances of re-signing Williams. “I think I haven’t wavered all year in my thought process with this. I think he and I understand what I’ve got to do and where we’ve got to get to.\""
"9516" "\"After Watney eliminated Woods, Golf Channel/NBC, which had interviewed all the winners, first, went to Woods. He delicately was asked about the result. He gave no credit to Watney, who played very well, and he was not asked one question about Watney’s play. Only Tiger can beat Tiger, ya know?\""
"9517" "\"Prince also came oh-so-close to playing in the U.S. Women's Open, but lost in a playoff in a sectional qualifier at Royal Oaks in Vancouver in May. She seemed to have a spot sewed up when she hit her approach on the second playoff hole to four feet, but competitor Sue Kim of Canada chipped in for birdie, and although Prince made her birdie putt, Kim won the playoff two holes later.\""
"9518" "\"B.o.B, 23, said he will continue to push boundaries and destroy the stereotypes regarding rappers and what they should sound like.\""
"9519" "\"Sandy Hickman\""
"9520" "\"NEW YORK - The name of a Chicago man already charged in a computer hacking case aimed at taking out key players in the worldwide group Anonymous was added to an indictment Wednesday, boosting the accusations against him by including him in much of the wider conspiracy to hack into corporations and government agencies worldwide.\""
"9521" "\"Military personnel who enlisted straight out of high school are even more vulnerable to joblessness. A major hurdle for these enlistees - discharged after six years of active duty - is a lack of job-seeking experience, according to Mark Lear, a veteran and a vice president with the Travelers Companies regional office in St. Louis County.\""
"9522" "\"\\"One of the first things I instill in my talks to block clubs is the importance of getting to know your neighbors, even as a crime-fighting strategy,\\" she said. \\"A walk gets people out, gets people involved. It gets people connected.\\"\""
"9523" "\"\\"They were really, really happy and thankful,\\" Linhart said.\""
"9524" "\"Winn's career tackle total of 131 matches Acho's from 2011 alone.\""
"9525" "\"First, here's what it won't do: take sides, award you money if you've been harmed or return funds you've spent. And it doesn't launch inquiries into complaints it doesn't have the legal authority to look into -- those against nurses, for example.\""
"9526" "\"Role model: \\"Steve Jobs, for his entrepreneurial achievements.\\"\""
"9527" "\"“We will go into a location, whether it’s a mosque or a bookstore, if the lead warrants it, and at least establish whether there’s something that requires more attention,” Browne said.\""
"9528" "\"Turnpike spokesman Joe Orlando said some of the complaints have led to unpaid suspensions, including the collector who was docked 10 days pay for offering to do a strip search on a patron.\""
"9529" "\"Churchey’s boyfriend, Cory Ryan Butts, was in court last week, pleading guilty to criminal conspiracy, theft and a handgun charge. He was sentenced to eight years in prison.\""
"9530" "\"Catering to a tourist crowd, the hotel has no formal dress code. Still, it offers some etiquette advice.\""
"9531" "\"\\"I will faithfully, honestly and impartially discharge and perform the duties entrusted to me as county auditor according to the best of my ability and understanding,\\" Reines repeated after Commissioner Tim Hagan.\""
"9532" "\"I have failed at Blue Elf aloe twice now. I have read that you should not water it in the summer as it develops some kind of root rot. Is this the case? (Both aloes are under a young mesquite tree.)\""
"9533" "\"Chen, however, described an intense series of negotiations. He said he never asked to leave China and that U.S. officials told him they would accompany him out of the embassy. But after he got to his room in Chaoyang Hospital with his family, he said no U.S. officials stayed behind and the family is now scared and wants to leave the country.\""
"9534" "\"A slow start would …\""
"9535" "\"Tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis — called Tdap — in lieu of a simple Td booster; once, with a Td every 10 years; for everyone 19 to 65. Older than 65? Tdap or Td — it depends if you are in contact with an infant or not. Ask your doc.\""
"9536" "\"The ruling, however, did not mandate their release during the review. Just one activist, whose sentence was reduced to six months, was freed Monday on time served.\""
"9537" "\"Wendy Brucker and Roscoe Skipper, who also own nearby Rivoli, opened the place nearly three years ago to celebrate the summers Brucker spent in Florence with her father, a renowned Florentine historian.\""
"9538" "\"Some 121 of the more than 2,500 players drafted in the last 10 years have developed into All-Pros -- a select honor voted on each year by the Associated Press. (The analysis excludes special-teams players because many are undrafted free agents.) Just two of those All-Pros were Browns -- Edwards and four-time All-Pro tackle Joe Thomas. A third, special-teamer Josh Cribbs, was an undrafted free agent.\""
"9539" "\"After that, Hopkins (6-1) allowed only five baserunners, including a monster home run by Matthew Huelsmann to left field in the fifth. It was Huelsmann's first of the season.\""
"9540" "\"It was a tough defeat for the Blazers (32-25), who had won six in a row before the All-Star break but slipped from fifth to seventh place in the Western Conference.\""
"9541" "\"The Ducks remain the top-ranked Pac-12 team, two spots ahead of No. 11 UCLA. Rounding out the ranked Pac-12 teams are Arizona at No. 14, Stanford at No. 17, Arizona State at No. 19 and Oregon State at No. 23.\""
"9542" "\"Also, the totals include money that flows to public charter schools attended by residents.\""
"9543" "\"The Weather Service said rainfall totals varied greatly around the Valley, with 0.34 inch at Sky Harbor as of 6 p.m. but more than 2 inches in places in the East and West Valley.\""
"9544" "\"San Diego Padres\""
"9545" "\"Hopefully some of this summer's teen hires will get some attention from the mayor or the police chief.\""
"9546" "\"Oregon (26-10) was led at the plate by Aaron Payne’s 3-for-4 performance, while Ryon Healy and Brett Thomas also recorded two hits apiece.\""
"9547" "\"Earlier that day, underclassmen had transformed a sprawling hotel conference room into a darkened dance hall. Tables against the wall held chicken wings, bagels, heavy hors d’oeuvres and a massive punch bowl. Candles flickered atop circular tables, covered in brilliant white tablecloths.\""
"9548" "\"Travelers can expect U.S. airlines' planes to be full this summer as a record number of people make international flights, the industry association Airlines for America reported Wednesday.\""
"9549" "\"The old joke is what do you call the guy who hangs out with musicians? The drummer.\""
"9550" "\"Holiday then sealed matters with two free throws with 13 seconds left. The Bulls shot 6-for-25 in the fourth quarter and were outscored 28-14.\""
"9551" "\"Assistant Atty. Gen. Lanny Breuer, head of the Justice Department's criminal division, said the arrests, fourth in a series of Medicare fraud takedowns over the last two years, served as another warning to future scammers.\""
"9552" "\"InnerChange, a fundamentalist evangelical Christian outfit, is one of about 200 prison ministries in Missouri. Running on an annual budget of $600,000, it recently had nine staff members and relied on the help of 50 volunteers. About 75 percent of an estimated 2,000 volunteers in the prison system are religious or spiritual, officials said.\""
"9553" "\"\\"Give yourself three months,\\" Mize told him, \\"and you'll be able to do those things again.\\"\""
"9554" "\"At the scouting combine, where he ran a 4.5 time for 40 yards, Turbin said he's determined to succeed in the NFL no matter where he was drafted.\""
"9555" "\"It's been a long wait for dealers pining to get new Lincoln models into their showrooms.\""
"9556" "\"It's beaten a path into pop culture with all its sound and fury, signifying outlaw cool.\""
"9557" "\"“I like what he brings every day,’’ Camby said. “You guys get to see it in the games, but it’s 10-times magnified in practice. He’s always going after it. He has a lot of fire, a lot of passion, a lot of heart.’’\""
"9558" "\"Here's the bottom line on this issue: Very few incumbents can honestly claim they didn't vote to raise your fees. Specifically, Republican Dorothy Hukill and Democrats Scott Randolph, Darren Soto and Geraldine Thompson were among the few local members who opposed last year's crucial House bill.\""
"9559" "\"PG&E estimated that the average residential customer will pay $1.93 per month more through 2014 to finance the work.\""
"9560" "\"MAIL BONDING:\""
"9561" "\"Wednesday's arrests come as top lawmakers appealed to health care professionals in the private sector to help combat Medicare fraud. Six members of the Senate Finance Committee announced a bipartisan effort to solicit ideas from interested stakeholders in the health care community looking for a fresh perspective and potential solutions that may have been overlooked.\""
"9562" "\"DB Nick Snyder, jr., 6-0, 175, Lutheran St. Charles\""
"9563" "\"\\"While we haven't seen a map, Betty Sutton is running because the stakes are at an all-time high for the hard-working, middle-class people she has been fighting for and representing from Northeast Ohio,\\" said her spokesman, Anthony DeAngelo. \\"She's prepared for whatever lies ahead.\\"\""
"9564" "\"Let us review the facts. First, the insurance broker involved had the school district contract since 2006, two years before Mayor Bencivengo’s administration took office. Second, the woman who cooperated with the FBI was a close personal friend of the mayor and he would have tried to help her regardless of any benefit to himself. Third, why was she wearing the wire? This raises the question in my mind of what she might have done that she would agree to record Mr. Bencivengo for the FBI. Fourth, there is absolutely no indication that anyone else in local government had any connection whatsoever to this alleged incident.\""
"9565" "\"He said the committee would study models being developed in states such as Colorado, which already adopted a law that requires half of teacher's evaluations to be based on students' academic gains.\""
"9566" "\"The giant Kenersys turbine also is proof that at least one Cleveland corporation is willing to put up money to help. Lincoln, a global manufacturer of welding equipment, is financing about $4.5 million of the $5.9 million project because it sees the purchase as a smart investment and a way to help the region.\""
"9567" "\"Eighteen groups have graduated cum laude to the 15th annual Tri-C High School Rock Off's Final Exam. They'll compete Saturday in the ultimate battle of the bands at Cleveland's House of Blues. Each act will have 15 minutes to strut its stuff.\""
"9568" "\"Permeable hardscape, such as gravel or pavers, so water seeps into the ground.\""
"9569" "\"\\"It was one of the last things he voted on,\\" Pompelio said.\""
"9570" "\"While Prince's 55 receiving yards and seven rushing yards might not look like much, he did plenty to help his team in other ways.\""
"9571" "\"The Cubs aren't expected to be a winning team in 2012. But with new faces on the field, a new manager in Dale Sveum and a new era under way, there should be plenty to talk about. The key is keeping fans interested in August if the team is out of it by June.\""
"9572" "\"There was a mix of boos and cheers each time Beckham played the ball, even when he scored on one of his patented free kicks that curled inside the right post from 23 yards.\""
"9573" "\"Another co-defendant, Sasson Barashy, is scheduled for trial Nov. 27 on charges of racketeering, extortion and money laundering.\""
"9574" "\"The House version of the bill gave the Health Department up to $2 million annually for new research and for a statewide registry, a top agency priority. But the money was quietly stripped during last-minute negotiations between Republican leaders in the House and Senate and the Corbett administration.\""
"9575" "\"Mission Viejo High drumline performed its show “The Underground.” Competing in the percussion world finals category, the drumline placed seventh in overall competition. The group reached its highest score of the season – 91.5.\""
"9576" "\"\\"We are still focused on character-building, self-reliance and citizenship, but we also recognize video games are a large part of kids’ lives today.\\"\""
"9577" "\"Founded: 1885. Mal Mixon led a group of investors that purchased the company in 1979.\""
"9578" "\"4323 Duke St, $20,200\""
"9579" "\"The NC is a good idea but was poorly executed. During my time on the NC, not one proposal was sent to the city council. The NC should be reorganized to allow it to set its own agenda, or be eliminated to save staff expenses.\""
"9580" "\"\\"To be honest, I thought that was my only shot,\\" Fish said. \\"I didn't try to hit a winner. Just tried to make it.\\"\""
"9581" "\"filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy last spring, almost three months before his announcement on Aug. 1 that he was resigning from the Legislature.\""
"9582" "\"And the Johnstown Flood was caused by a leaky toilet in Altoona, Pa.\""
"9583" "\"BOSTON — In one clubhouse, they spoke of the improbability of it all, beaming with satisfaction that their remarkable efforts had come against their most bitter rivals.\""
"9584" "\"Yet in his 20s, Shatner was a serious stage actor who trained alongside Christopher Plummer. From theater in Montreal, Shatner segued to live TV in New York and movies in Hollywood, including a bio of Alexander the Great for which the actor developed a lasting passion for horses. (Indeed, he spent more time talking about a particular stallion he bred than about his wives, children and Leonard Nimoy combined.)\""
"9585" "\"Jordyn Brown, Southern\""
"9586" "\"The recreational division is open to anyone who wants to play while not being seriously competitive.\""
"9587" "\"Italian vocal group IL Volo is performing Aug. 14 at the Peabody Opera House.\""
"9588" "\"He also has hit seven homers in the last eight games, has a 10-game hitting streak and his batting average is .474.\""
"9589" "\"The south walkway will remain closed until further notice with one exception. The south walkway will be open all day on Saturday, Dec. 31, beginning at 6 a.m. to give walkway users the opportunity to watch the 6 p.m. fireworks display over the Delaware River. The walkway will then close at the usual time of 8 p.m.\""
"9590" "\"Jack Lockridge, executive director of the Federal Bar Association in Washington D.C., said his group sent letters to several government officials, including the president, attorney general and the chief justice of the United States asking them to evaluate security for federal judges and courthouses.\""
"9591" "\"Griffith told the board this bond issue would focus on basic needs with \\"no big gyms or turf fields or glitzy type stuff.\\"\""
"9592" "\"The famed lyricist wrote in “The King and I” that “if you become a teacher, by your pupils you’ll be taught.”\""
"9593" "\"\\"I know the ocean well and it’s telling me that what everyone’s been saying: we’re due,\\" he said. \\"I think it is (the big one). But I hope not.\\"\""
"9594" "\"Along with his three no-decisions, Verlander has two wins and a loss, though he has given his team a chance in all six starts.\""
"9595" "\"Senate President Steve Sweeney (D-Gloucester), through his spokesman yesterday said, he \\"takes very seriously the release of sensitive and confidential material. Anyone found to have done so will be dealt with appropriately.\\"\""
"9596" "\"Oil prices rose above $75 a barrel in Asia as investors looked for signs of improving global crude demand amid light holiday trading.\""
"9597" "\"Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph worked their inside-out game to perfection on a night when Paul and Blake Griffin were limited by injuries and the Clippers' bench couldn't quite put them over the top.\""
"9598" "\"Tavares has assisted on 24 of Moulson’s goals this season. Tavares, who has set career highs in goals (31) and assists (50), is the first Islanders player to reach 80 points since Ziggy Palffy had 87 in the 1997-98 season. ... Islanders defenseman Steve Staois, who spent most of his career with the Edmonton Oilers, was honored before playing in his 1,000th NHL game.\""
"9599" "\"For example, at the screening I attended, Mancow Muller was there with his twin daughters, Ava Grace and Isabella Sofia, who are sweethearts. No doubt he was grateful for the public service announcement at the end of the movie by the Farrellys, who demonstrated to the audiences that the hammers and sledgehammers the Stooges hit each other on the head with were rubber props. They also used slow motion to show that no Stooge is REALLY being poked in the eye, but at the eyebrows.\""
"9600" "\"March 26, 1932 — N.Y. Rangers 4, Montreal Canadiens 3, semifinal, 59:32, Fred Cook.\""
"9601" "\"\\"The countries in the Gulf region apparently do not want to restrict production and this should mean a marked oversupply on the oil market in the coming weeks, which should push prices down further,\\" said a commodity report from Commerzbank in Frankfurt.\""
"9602" "\"A committee of the board met behind closed doors Thursday in an effort to settle the dispute and avoid litigation. But the committee agreed only to propose a bylaws amendment to expand the board from seven to nine members, making room for Olmsted Township and another county appointee.\""
"9603" "\"\\"Given the structure of this committee, the only reasonable choices for the chairperson would be the airline passenger advocate or the state or local consumer protection official,\\" Hudson says.\""
"9604" "\"Fearing something was seriously wrong, Clarence was called in for tests. He was diagnosed with leukemia.\""
"9605" "\"The attorneys for the defendants have maintained their clients' innocence.\""
"9606" "\"PORTLAND -- Three lightning-caused wildfires are reported burning in Oregon. The Oakbrook Fire has burned 468 acres of grass and brush in the Beavertail Campground area on the lower Deschutes River.\""
"9607" "\"\\"She was very brave. When she was brought to us after her rescue, she was unable to speak. But this week, she was able to get up and speak in front of an entire courtroom asking for her rights,\\" said the group's program director, Huma Safi. \\"We are very proud of her.\\"\""
"9608" "\"She first casually broached the idea last month, while we argued over the remote control. She wanted to watch \\"Say Yes to the Dress,\\" a bridal reality show; I wanted to watch ESPN.\""
"9609" "\"As in, Free Speaker.\""
"9610" "\"Another Egyptian mummy, that of a 30- to 40-year-old woman, showed some major dental problems.\""
"9611" "\"Call this scenario an anatomy of a murder in Detroit, an illustration of how conflicts are often solved using street logic and violence.\""
"9612" "\"Pelican Ranch Winery\""
"9613" "\"As it became apparent that Rose was a special talent as a child, his family's noble goal was to shield him from the dangers of Englewood, his South Side neighborhood; from people wanting to make money off him; from just about everything. He lived in a cocoon and in many ways still does.\""
"9614" "\"Shah, to be clear, is not a \\"virtual\\" coach or digital assistant, such as you might find on a technical support web site or the new iPhone. She doesn't respond to your actual performance on the treadmill, and you don't have to do what she says, or even use the \\"Coach\\" system at all.\""
"9615" "\"To accompany the colorful melange of performances, we've come up with a picnic menu that offers plenty of its own color. Gingered carrot soup can be served either warm or cold, depending on the weather and your mood, while the shaved salad is a veritable symphony of colors, textures and flavors highlighted by sweet-tart white balsamic vinaigrette.\""
"9616" "\"COLUMBUS, Ohio -- After guiding Ohio State to the Final Four, two-time All-America forward Jared Sullinger figured he might as well see what he could do for an NBA team.\""
"9617" "\"The day after the election, Recorder Lillian Greene raised questions about what the charter meant for her and other officials whose positions would be abolished.\""
"9618" "\"Huff, who figured to be Oregon's most dangerous deep threat heading into the season, has been hurt more than he's been healthy since the Ducks convened in early August.\""
"9619" "\"It seems as if it would be the culmination of Meyer's dreams, too. A lifelong Ohio State fan, he grew up with a framed portrait of Woody Hayes hanging on the wall at his family house. He was a graduate assistant at Ohio State in 1986-87, working for Earle Bruce. He even wore No. 45 at St. John High School in Ashtabula in honor of Archie Griffin, his favorite player.\""
"9620" "\"This won't be a cheap date. The entire menu at Red, salads and all, is a la carte. That's often the case at top-shelf steakhouses. That means your indulgence in, say, a starch and a side -- such as the luxuriously rich potatoes au gratin and a crunchy bowlful of green beans combined with tiny pine nuts and chunks of pancetta -- together add $15 to your tab. Fortunately, those sides are designed for sharing, though one can imagine a spirited quarrel over that last spoonful of extra-creamy spuds.\""
"9621" "\"Opportunity Prize tickets are available for gifts from local vendors, and each puts the bearer in the running for the grand prize, a $600 voucher to be used on a cruise or taken in cash.\""
"9622" "\"\\"I'm not crying as much now. I'm here right now, standing,\\" she said Thursday. \\"Now, I will get up every time I hear a siren.\\"\""
"9623" "\"ChristieLyn Diller, a spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood Maryland, said the group paid for about 5,000 breast examinations in Maryland last year. About 15 percent of the services its provides are abortions. Nationally, about 3 percent of the services Planned Parenthood provides are abortions.\""
"9624" "\"But the Browns love the short passing game more than they do the run, and most of the playoff backs lately have been taken in later rounds.\""
"9625" "\"State officials are considering reporting the names of nurses and other health professionals who repeatedly cycle through a drug treatment program to their licensing boards.\""
"9626" "\"But with such a long span, there's a great risk the state will discover the unpaid taxes before the next amnesty. \\"You could get picked up before that,\\" Testa said.\""
"9627" "\"Pompelio, who founded the New Jersey Criminal Victim Law Center, has an office that occupies a floor in DeCroce’s real estate office in Parsippany.\""
"9628" "\"\\"I'm having a good year,\\" said Carla Hall, who owns Mane Attraction, a Collinsville salon. \\"I've work very hard to get there.\\"\""
"9629" "\"New Jersey scientists have said there is a legacy of pollution downwind from Pennsylvania power plants such as the GenOn plant in Portland. Robert Laumbach, an assistant professor at the Environmental and Occupational Health Sciences Institute in Piscataway, said he’s seen cases of elevated mercury levels from eating seafood — because the mercury comes with evaporation and precipitation into water sources, where it enters the food chain and eventually ends up on people’s plates.\""
"9630" "\"The man allegedly entered the home between 5:30 and 6 a.m. on Feb. 22 and assaulted the two girls, whom neighbors said were aged 10 and 12, before their mother chased him out of the house.\""
"9631" "\"But problems loom in Columbus. Democrats fear the political clout of teachers unions. And for some Republicans, anything that demands positive results from their deep-pocketed contributors in the charter school crowd makes them skittish. Just last year, House Speaker Bill Batchelder unsuccessfully tried to slip into the state budget a provision allowing the creation of taxpayer-financed schools with little government oversight, whose primary purpose would have been to turn a profit for their owners.\""
"9632" "\"And yes, I figure with Simon gone, someone's got to bring the cranky, so that's my contribution.\""
"9633" "\"NEW YORK — Hundreds of New Yorkers rushed to Ground Zero early Monday morning, hanging an American flag from a lamppost and popping bottles of champagne outside the former site of the Twin Towers' wreckage as they celebrated the death of Osama bin Laden.\""
"9634" "\"Henry got his 14th league goal of the season, tying former teammate Dwayne De Rosario for the MLS the lead. The former French national team star scored off a feed from Mexican captain Rafa Marquez, beating A.J. DelLaGarza down the right flank and tapping the ball past Ricketts.\""
"9635" "\"In August 2010, Davis agreed to repay $4,500 to the Highland Park School District as part of a settlement in Wayne County Circuit Court for submitting an inaccurate court judgment for legal fees. The settlement was announced before Wayne County Circuit Judge Robert Colombo Jr., who wanted to know how two conflicting court orders wound up on the record in a Freedom of Information lawsuit filed by Davis against the school board.\""
"9636" "\"These dilemmas aren't concepts on display. They are something more like humidity. They throb and fester.\""
"9637" "\"Protect against fireworks\""
"9638" "\"One gap is located behind the Colgate Clock in Jersey City, where a $10 million state project is underway. The other section is between Guttenberg and North Bergen, where the two communities are building a park and walkway. Both \\"gaps\\" should be filled within 18 months, officials said.\""
"9639" "\"-- S.R., Cleveland\""
"9640" "\"(05-06) 15:07 PDT CLEVELAND (AP) --\""
"9641" "\"For the first time in five years, Los Angeles Opera will have one person overseeing both the company's artistic efforts and finances on a daily basis. The company's board of directors on Wednesday afternoon elected Christopher Koelsch to the position of president and chief executive officer. His appointment takes effect Sept. 15, at the start of the 2012-13 season.\""
"9642" "\"Jackson countered that the teachers’ collective bargaining powers will not be weakened. The school district still has to negotiate with the Cleveland Teachers Union, as well as all other bargaining units that are part of the district. In fact, those discussions already are occurring, he noted.\""
"9643" "\"\\"It is our responsibility to protect player safety and the integrity of our game, and this type of conduct will not be tolerated,\\" Goodell said. \\"We have made significant progress in changing the culture with respect to player safety and we are not going to relent. We have more work to do and we will do it.\\"\""
"9644" "\"And they've made their feelings known at several public meetings and hearings that have been held about the project, which is being proposed by Rockville developer Marc Silverman, who also developed the Sunnybrook Retirement Center, in Westminster.\""
"9645" "\"Representatives of 11 conferences and Notre Dame met in Florida yesterday and agreed to present models of a four-team playoff to their constituents. A final decision, which would require the approval of college presidents, could be reach by July 1.\""
"9646" "\"\\"I got lucky,\\" she says. \\"I'm so inspired by these dancers. When we work together, we really feed each other. We're all such different personalities and have unique ways of moving, but that's inspiring - to watch Michael Montgomery or Meredith Webster or Yujin Kim, and see how they use their bodies is wonderful, but all of us still are directed toward Alonzo's vision.\\"\""
"9647" "\"Statins can have unpleasant, even dangerous side effects, including muscle pain and liver problems. Not everyone can take them. Besides, statins don't always succeed in getting cholesterol levels down to desired levels.\""
"9648" "\"Berkman plans to coach Salisbury when the team opens its Capital Athletic Conference schedule at York on Wednesday, but he enjoyed a 7:30 a.m. visit Friday when players and coaches stopped by his house while completing a run.\""
"9649" "\"And that failure violated a cardinal political rule: If you're trying to take out a political boss, don't miss. If you do, the payback might be painful.\""
"9650" "\"Views out back are severely obscured by the large metal pillar around the rear window glass.\""
"9651" "\"\\"I think it's deteriorated the game,\\" he said. \\"I think it's taken away from the discipline of the game.\\"\""
"9652" "\"Even though for $300,000 you could get a six-pack of historians for a year, rather than a well-informed paragraph.\""
"9653" "\"“Monsieur Lazhar” – PG-13 – (for mature thematic material, a disturbing image and brief language); (Regency: Rancho Niguel 8, South Coast Village 3) At a Montreal public grade school, an Algerian immigrant is hired to replace a popular teacher who committed suicide in her classroom. While helping his students deal with their grief, his own recent loss is revealed. ( imdb.com) In French, English and Arabic with subtitles. 1 hour, 34 minutes.\""
"9654" "\"We all should try to stop talking on the phone in the car. It will help everyone if we all did it.\""
"9655" "\"It's that last part of Williamson's work history, as a lobbyist, that's turned into an issue in their Democratic primary race.\""
"9656" "\"Just 5 game minutes after being beaten on a fade by Johnson for a tying touchdown, Webster leaped, grabbed the ball and held on while Johnson yanked his face mask to the side.\""
"9657" "\"Come on, Ms. Reimer. Do you really believe that with all the difficulties we face every day, many of which have been bestowed on us by this administration, that birth control and the roles of women in combat are what women voters are going to remember when choosing a candidate?\""
"9658" "\"Replacement strategies\""
"9659" "\"The charge stems from a relationship Christopher James Hooker allegedly had in 1998 with a 17-year-old student at Davis High School, where he was teaching at the time.\""
"9660" "\"2. Edwardsville 34-2 3\""
"9661" "\"\\"We dug too deep of a hole,\\" Rams coach Matt Hixenbaugh said. \\"They came out ready to play and jumped all over us. We battled and hung around, but they're a really good team and you can't give them a cushion like we did in the first three minutes of the game.\\"\""
"9662" "\"His parish is 60 percent Latino.\""
"9663" "\"\\"I've been playing basketball my whole life and I know I shouldn't have done that. It was a stupid play,\\" Robinson said. \\"It wasn't the ref's fault. It was my fault.\\"\""
"9664" "\"7-9 p.m. PETA's Fashion Week Bash hosted by Tim Gunn and Olivia Munn at Stella McCartney's boutique\""
"9665" "\"In Brazil, which has more Roman Catholics than any other nation, the beatification resonated among the faithful and sparked hope that it might renew faith in the church in the South American nation which is facing stiff competition for souls from evangelical Protestant movements.\""
"9666" "\"Wille, who defeated Cam Newton of Ladue in the semifinals, almost had a double bagel in the championship match. She won the first set 6-0 over Tess Herder of Lee's Summit and had a 5-0 lead in the second set before Herder won a game. Wille wound up cruising to a 6-0, 6-1 victory.\""
"9667" "\"She said fewer women serve on full-time departments with paid staff partly because the physical test is tougher for them to pass. But German Township is looking for ways to reach out to young candidates, male and female.\""
"9668" "\"A week later, some energy staffers staged a minor rebellion, convinced that the state's intervention in the R.W. Beck contract was improper. Lorena Wise, the department's designated procurement officer for the contract, and two others said they would refuse to sign the document. Wise ultimately signed the document, but she told investigators it was under duress.\""
"9669" "\"A poll last month by Gallup showed that the public cares about the debt and deficits, but the economy is a bigger political issue. And that's appropriate; the faster the U.S. economy grows, the less daunting the deficit problem will be.\""
"9670" "\"Q: I’m just trying to figure out the timeline here. It sounds like last year was when you thought were promised a renegotiation but when you missed the ’08 season that threw it off. Is that right?\""
"9671" "\"\\"We have an enormous amount of work to do in all of the schools across the district. We know that we can't do it all at once. But we feel we have to start tackling the work that needs to be done to bring our school buildings up to date, and a bond of this size, at $2 per thousand, is in the middle of the pack with surrounding areas.\""
"9672" "\"According to a news release from Jubitz, a transportation company that operates the Jubitz Travel Center in North Portland, the contest was designed to \\"support elementary school art programs, an educational component that has shrunk or disappeare.\\"\""
"9673" "\"A ceremony will be held at Memorial Plaza at the corner of East Broad Street and North Avenue Thursday at 11 a.m. Refreshments will be served after the ceremony at The Martin Wallberg Post No. 3 of the American Legion at 1003 North Ave., West. (908) 233-3077.\""
"9674" "\"For the game, Ohio State ran 37 times for 190 yards and threw 18 passes and completed four for 35 yards. That's twice as many runs as throws, but in the end, even 18 passes may have been too many.\""
"9675" "\"2. Don't overwater your lawn, gardens or potted plants. Standing water creates a perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes and other pests.\""
"9676" "\"She doesn't know, but she's been assured that her severance - and benefits, and options - are going to be generous. And this after she has just presided over the immolation of her firm.\""
"9677" "\"That compared with a surplus of $5.35 billion in March and a deficit of $31.5 billion in February. China often has a large trade deficit early in the year as factories restock after their long lunar new year holiday break.\""
"9678" "\"Sporting those tricorn hats and frumpy white suits with oversized plastic buttons, our section of the samba school would dress as students of the Royal Academy of Medicine, in honor of the first university established in Rio. Each samba school illustrates a theme, or enredo, through its song, floats and costumes, so ours would tell the story of the Portuguese royal court moving to Brazil to evade Napoleon 200 years before.\""
"9679" "\"\\"Relative risk is the ideal measure for statistical analysis, for addressing scientific questions,\\" says Don Berry, a biostatistician at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. \\"But it is irrelevant for individual decision-making.\\"\""
"9680" "\"Adjustments also must be made on the field during each Kangaroos game because the fields here are larger than in Australia.\""
"9681" "\"In a series of catchy musical numbers -- written by a gaggle of composers, including alumni of off-Broadway faves \\"Altar Boyz\\" and \\"The Bomb-itty of Errors\\" -- the historical foursome provides easy-to-take lessons about the Constitution, the Bill of Rights and the American Revolution, among other things.\""
"9682" "\"But he settled on the wrong solution to a real modern-day challenge. Cameras don't lie.\""
"9683" "\"Lardo\""
"9684" "\"2-10 p.m. Saturday, Bookies Bar & Grille, 2208 Cass, Detroit. 313-962-0319. Free.\""
"9685" "\"Well, at least at clogging the lane.\""
"9686" "\"1 cup canola oil\""
"9687" "\"\\"We'll do the fun stuff, but we still have to cut back to afford it all,\\" Matt Gillard said as he and his family strolled on the Strand along Mission Beach.\""
"9688" "\"Inside, Mercilus was surrounded by friends, many of whom drove in from the Illinois campus, and family -- including Willys Geffrard, an uncle who flew in from Haiti, where Mercilus' parents had met as children.\""
"9689" "\"\\"The weather's bad right now,\\" he said, referring to the small craft advisory with gusting winds and 9-foot swells in effect through Friday evening. \\"That's not good with a load of gear on the boat.\\"\""
"9690" "\"Show Times: Saturday-Thursday 7:30 and 10:30 p.m.; early show Saturday does not contain toplessness\""
"9691" "\"Also at the Mouse House and on sale at that time: Lit, June 23, with Julien-K and We Are the Arsenal, $22.50-$45; and Doors tribute Wild Child, June 1, $20-$47.50. And here's one on the horizon: a solo acoustic set from Dashboard Confessional, July 26, $25.50-$45.50, on sale May 3.\""
"9692" "\"“If he’s half as good as the last guy from Delaware, we’re going to be all right,” Cameron said, a nod to quarterback Joe Flacco.\""
"9693" "\"When I moved to this city a little over a year ago, I became fascinated by the stories and photos about 1906. It's compelling because we all know it could happen again.\""
"9694" "\"Wednesday he was behind the plate for Andy Pettitte’s outing.\""
"9695" "\"At city libraries, for example, managers said it would be unworkable to lock trucks carrying cash while they are unattended. They also said it was too expensive to have two people rather than one present when money is counted at the branches.\""
"9696" "\"Schools and top coaches nationwide have been able to bring in significant money through their athletic programs, broadcasting rights and even the clothes they wear on game day.\""
"9697" "\"If there were a list of the coolest hikes in Arizona, the Bear Mountain Trail would be at the top. Past hoodoos and red rock galore, the trail takes you past Sedona sights most people see only from a helicopter. And without the cost.\""
"9698" "\"TRENTON — Democratic lawmakers said Monday that New Jersey's missing out on a $14 million federal grant shows that education isn't a priority for Gov. Chris Christie's administration.\""
"9699" "\"He bruises excessively and knots tend to form under the skin from any kind of trauma, so heavy contact sports like football are out.\""
"9700" "\"Ranking last week: 3\""
"9701" "\"A Biography\""
"9702" "\"I have worked fast food before, and I know from experience it is not an easy job. Yes, there are rude customers, but there are also rude employees. I know that from experience, too. - Libby in Little Rock, Ark.\""
"9703" "\"Wieland (0-3) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings, struck out four and walked three.\""
"9704" "\"Not that there's any real harm in \\"Valentine's Day.\\" In fact, there's nothing remotely real in it at all, and certainly no surprise. (If you don't see the \\"twist\\" coming in the Julia Roberts/Bradley Cooper seatmates-on-a-plane story, you've already fallen asleep). And the jokes? At a $10 ticket price, they average out to $5 a piece.\""
"9705" "\"Pointless is exactly right. Researchers at Yale have determined that \\"robocalls have a perfect record of never having worked.\\"\""
"9706" "\"It only takes a couple of hours for the moderately strenuous, three-mile round trip, but give yourself extra time to explore the area and soak up the sensational views. And remember to start early - it's getting warm out there.\""
"9707" "\"No work will be done on the new pavilion until after peak park season, likely in the fall.\""
"9708" "\"French President Nicolas Sarkozy's defeat could be a bad omen for President Barack Obama.\""
"9709" "\"As you may know, Baldwin has had issues with weight, alcohol and drugs. He's been on both \\"Celebrity Fit Club\\" and \\"Celebrity Rehab.\\" But things have turned around for Baldwin, and he gives a lot of credit to the kettlebell.\""
"9710" "\"The handheld tone chimes are played with a snapping motion, followed by dampening on the opposite shoulder. It's a simple action involving many skills a stroke survivor may be working on improving.\""
"9711" "\"Best Internship Program: The Sherwin-Williams Company\""
"9712" "\"“AHI and its member companies have supported the stakeholder approach used by FDA to reach this point and we will continue to work collaboratively to implement the policy goals articulated in these documents...We strongly support responsible use of antibiotic medicines and the involvement of a veterinarian whenever antibiotics are administered to food producing animals.”\""
"9713" "\"“Very honestly, we’ve had to postpone some capital needs through the course of the year because we need to, and, rightfully so, manage the expenses appropriately and deal with the economic challenges like anyone else,” he says. “Earlier this year, we did a rightsizing of the organization and we needed to analyze the level of personnel that we had. And while everyone is a valuable employee, we had to make some necessary changes.”\""
"9714" "\"“Surprise,” Paul Simon (2006)\""
"9715" "\"Your landlord must refund your excess security deposit and provide you with an accounting of how your security deposit was spent within 21 calendar days after you move. Make sure to give the landlord your forwarding address.\""
"9716" "\"9012 Blackpool Dr, $124,000\""
"9717" "\"Anthony Akins was able to get into only one register and stole $180, Waldemer said.\""
"9718" "\"The letter thanked the men of the 84th for their service, especially Company A for liberating the Salzwedel labor camp where Long said her mother was held prisoner. Long wrote that her mother was the only immediate family member to survive the concentration camps and she later emigrated to the United States and had her own daughters.\""
"9719" "\"The lectures even caught the attention of President Ronald Reagan, who called Johnston's assemblies one of the most promising signs that America is awakening to the harm of drug and alcohol abuse.\""
"9720" "\"\\"Kansas just needs some time to breathe,\\" Zenger said.\""
"9721" "\"A: There's a lot of interest in reducing the use of psychotropic meds for schizophrenia because of the drugs' side effects. As many as 37 percent of people who take them have metabolic syndrome -- a cluster of symptoms (including high blood pressure, big waists and insulin resistance) that can lead to heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes.\""
"9722" "\"He is hard to read, this child. Since his release from The Vines Hospital in Ocala — where he was molested by his roommate, it came out during a therapy session — the boy has been in a foster home in Hernando County, where he has made big strides in stabilizing his life.\""
"9723" "\"Romney, a virtual lock to be Obama's Republican opponent in the November election, has employed some rhetorical gymnastics on the campaign trail to criticize Obama's handling of the auto bailouts, while cheering the survival of General Motors and Chrysler, and even -- in Ohio on Monday -- saying that he, Romney, deserves \\"a lot of credit\\" for the auto industry revival because he suggested managed bankruptcies for GM and Chrysler.\""
"9724" "\"The NCAA's ruling could come as early as this summer if Ohio State agrees with the findings and sanctions, or it could be carried over into 2012 if Ohio State disagrees and contests the penalties.\""
"9725" "\"\\"All?\\"\""
"9726" "\"6 eggs\""
"9727" "\"Westminster 6 30 14 0 — 50Aurora Central 6 0 0 0 — 6WM — Sanchez 13 run (pass failed). ACent — Ndekezi 6 pass from Fernandez (run failed). WM — Daniels 25 pass from Ragsdale (Sanchez run). WM — Sanchez 37 run (Ragsdale run). WM — Valdez 9 run (run failed). WM — Daniels 47 pass from Ragsdale (Wilson run). WM — Belearde 53 punt return (Wilson run). WM — Wilson 4 (kick failed).\""
"9728" "\"His father's collection stars throughout the house: original oils, pencil drawings and etchings special enough that Johnjay and Blake decorated the house around them.\""
"9729" "\"And true to form, neither player boasts or expects preferential treatment because of where they come from.\""
"9730" "\"The mortgage settlement, announced in February, was filed in court last week. It's expected to send nearly $1 billion in total to Maryland — the sixth-largest state payment out of $25 billion nationwide. Most is earmarked for loan modifications such as principal reduction and for refinancing borrowers who are underwater on their mortgages. Victims of \\"unfair servicing practices\\" who were foreclosed on between 2008 and last year also will receive payments of $1,800 to $2,000.\""
"9731" "\"Master Class\""
"9732" "\"I sent the office of every House and Senate member who represents Central Florida the following straight-forward question:\""
"9733" "\"Paul’s campaign has also made the most contact with voters: 67% said they had heard from his campaign, followed by 61% who report being contacted by Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann and 47% contacted by Texas Gov. Rick Perry.\""
"9734" "\"Citizen oversight, annual audits of expenditures are required. Bonds mature in 21 years or less. Cost estimated to average 21 cents per $1,000 of assessed property value over life of bond.\""
"9735" "\"I don't recall what it felt like to be carried in the womb, but I imagine it was something like this: cradled, warm, dark, quiet, safe.\""
"9736" "\"What: The exhibitions “Michael Loderstedt: Menagerie” and “Brinsley Tyrrell: Ohio Lands Forever.”\""
"9737" "\"At the center, and leading off the menu, is a bulging plate of house-produced charcuterie, featuring on one recent visit a thick pile of aggressive chorizo; pungent salami; pork rillettes resembling an emulsified pork roast; a thick slab of chunky pate studded with pistachios and a cloud of pork-liver mousse -- all set off by dazzlingly crunchy Lovejoy Bakers bread. Nothing that you'd want to confess to your cardiologist, but with a glass of wine -- a dozen are available by the glass, along with some unusual beers -- it could carry you through a serene, porcine evening.\""
"9738" "\"\\"It’s just like a weight has been lifted off my chest,'' she said. \\"Ii’m so happy that he’s home, and that he’s here.’’\""
"9739" "\"The center relied on a census survey that appeared to greatly understate the number of citizens in Oregon aged 18-29. The survey also over-estimated the number of young people voting.\""
"9740" "\"A man claims a now-deceased Chicago Archdiocese priest molested him more than 20 years ago while he was a boy at a Mount Greenwood neighborhood church.\""
"9741" "\"He took an unusually active role for an ex-governor this fall in the campaign to defeat Ohio’s collective bargaining overhaul, stumping publicly against the limits on unionized public workers just months after his defeat at the polls to Republican John Kasich.\""
"9742" "\"A 55% majority approves administration-backed agreement for lenders to freeze interest rates for some subprime borrowers facing 2008 foreclosure threat. Just 33% are opposed.\""
"9743" "\"Here's a look at those albums and April's other top releases.\""
"9744" "\"It had to happen: a brawl across all of the media platforms where organizations now try to set the agenda for social and political movements. Got Twitter, Facebook and an online petition? Chances are you have issues. Serious issues.\""
"9745" "\"The Center for Education Data and Research at the University of Washington, which studies the relationships between education policies and student outcomes, looked at the 1,717 Washington state teachers who were given layoff notices in the last two school years.\""
"9746" "\"Portland Police Chief Mike Reese said he was proud of the work his officers do every day on the street, in their encounters with homeless people, those suffering from mental illness or drug abuse. He said he sees the federal review as a unique opportunity to work with the federal justice department to ensure his officers are at the forefront of how to address these issues.\""
"9747" "\"\\"This music has the spirit of Richard Strauss,\\" van Zweden says. \\"It's a hard piece for the orchestra, but a good showpiece.\\"\""
"9748" "\"But hockey fights happen for a reason and shouldn't be banned. For nearly 100 years, hockey has \\"policed\\" itself. If fighting were banned, there actually would be more thuggery on the ice, more rough tactics to try to instigate fights.\""
"9749" "\"\\"These guys are going to be tough to beat in the playoffs for sure,\\" Hjalmarsson said. \\"Whoever is going to play Nashville is going to get a tough job.\\"\""
"9750" "\"Vanessa Williams had the temerity to question \\"Toddlers & Tiaras\\" parents (\\"When the child is screaming and saying, 'I don't want to do this. I don't feel like doing it. ... When they are using special juice to get them hyped ... that's not my world and I would never have my kids do that\\"), she had to know there would be a response.\""
"9751" "\"Members of the CU chapter of Students for Sensible Drug Policy are staging a small protest near Norlin Quad to decry the university's crackdown and speak out against the war on drugs. Law student Laura Schneider said she was upset that the crackdown caused a visiting lecturer who was to speak at one of her classes today to cancel.\""
"9752" "\"øNot that the diesel Passat is flawless. On the test car, a couple of issues are noisily significant.\""
"9753" "\"preference. Purists do nothing more than clean the wood with a soft brush. Lacquer or varnish will preserve the wood but detract from the natural look of the grain and texture. Stain changes the color. A middle ground is rubbing with clear, odorless wax that's meant to enhance the look of the grain rather than change it.\""
"9754" "\"“Colon pitched really well. He hit his spots, but we just got to him in the seventh,” Capone said. “They are a great team, but we just wanted it that much more at the end.”\""
"9755" "\"“Cornel’s multifaceted academic career has taken him beyond the traditional realms of scholarship and into the public sphere, into advocacy and activism, commercial films,” says Clement Price, a Board of Governors Distinguished Service Professor at Rutgers University-Newark.\""
"9756" "\"Working with local musician and talent buyer Adam East, Cawley says they searched the city for a mid-size performance center that would fill what they saw as a void in the Portland arts scene.\""
"9757" "\"Mike Macenko -- Known in national softball circles as the greatest home run hitter of all-time. Played for several Cleveland teams, then went to the pros and played on three ISA World Championship teams. Was the MVP of the 1987 series, and was named to six all-world teams. Holds the record for the highest batting average in the ISA World Series at .920.\""
"9758" "\"Another lofty take on a sub:\""
"9759" "\"Abundant interior water could throw a damper on some aspects of the predominant lunar-origin idea of a parching, high-temperature collision.\""
"9760" "\"Peyton Manning comes.\""
"9761" "\"Sera Stull, Lansdowne\""
"9762" "\"Officer Carey Klain, a police spokeswoman, and John Asher, a spokesman for Churchill Downs, said they didn't know Perez's immigration status.\""
"9763" "\"Weimer declined to release specific financial information, but called the winter \\"disappointing.\\"\""
"9764" "\"Return the skillet to moderate heat and add the remaining 1 teaspoon vegetable oil and 2 teaspoons of the sesame oil. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute, then add the kimchi. Cook, stirring, until it is hot, then add the rice. Cook, stirring and breaking up the rice clumps with a wooden spoon, until the rice is hot throughout. Taste for salt. Add the green onion and the remaining 2 teaspoons sesame oil and stir just to blend. Remove from the heat and gently stir in the cooked egg. Serve immediately, topping each portion with some of the fried shallots, if using.\""
"9765" "\"Grass' wartime past is certainly troublesome. Yet it does little to undercut the power of his anti-fascist novels (including the 1959 masterpiece \\"The Tin Drum\\"), nor does it imply that there is anything anti-Semitic about his poem. There isn't; it's a polemic about Israeli policies with which Grass disagrees. For Israelis to accuse him of anti-Semitism plays into a common belief that such accusations are a mere excuse to suppress dissent against official policy.\""
"9766" "\"But what about the protections that credit cards offer?\""
"9767" "\"But his chief focus will be on improving the team’s performance on the field, something he did in Atlanta and later with the Washington Nationals, whom he served as president for four seasons. Kasten did that in both places by investing heavily in scouting and player development — a blueprint he plans to copy with the Dodgers.\""
"9768" "\"It's surprising that with all the amazing produce at our back door there aren't more vegetarian restaurants that meticulously respect that bounty. Too many places end up taking great products and diminishing them.\""
"9769" "\"The new ownership group, according to sources, will name former Blue and Hockey Hall of Famer Brett Hull to a management position. No other changes to the team's management staff, which includes President John Davidson and general manager Doug Armstrong, have been announced.\""
"9770" "\"His grab in deep center at Dodger Stadium last June has been replaced by Kellys play.\""
"9771" "\"\\"It's all in the back of my head, and it just keeps motivating me. It's making me work harder and harder and harder. I've got a special feeling that I'm going to do something good next year and in the years to come.\\"\""
"9772" "\"But municipal leaders who attended the gathering in Trenton said they're still confused about how to get money that could pay for road repairs, health care and other expenses.\""
"9773" "\"A verbal argument turned violent outside of Stoney Brook Grille, 1285 Route 28, about 1:40 a.m. Camunas said \\"a pretty large size\\" brawl escalated outside the restaurant, turning into a fist fight before the victim, 23, was stabbed with a knife.\""
"9774" "\"Building Land Technologies jump-started the stalled renovations at one building, and city officials said the company plans to market 110 units as rentals this summer. The company did not respond to phone calls seeking comment.\""
"9775" "\"The incident involved a tractor-trailer, which overturned near mile marker 28 and spilled steel beams across the highway, according State Police spokesman Sgt. Julian Castellanos. A 15-passenger commuter van veered off the highway, tumbling down a steep embankment to land in the eastbound lanes of Route 46.\""
"9776" "\"\\"I think a lot of investors in this space began to get cold feet that even a major player like Groupon was having trouble finding scale and profitability,\\" Krasilovsky said.\""
"9777" "\"In addition, Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, has proposed a new fee on insurers that would subsidize coverage for uninsured Americans. The fee would generate about $6 billion a year.\""
"9778" "\"Gayle Manning\""
"9779" "\"There may be a couple of reasons why there's such a trend at the moment. One is human nature, no one wants to be the first to jump in. But another, say league executives, is the continuing fascination with the Toronto Raptors' star forward.\""
"9780" "\"\\"I hope to remind children and teachers alike that learning should be fun and can have positive effects far beyond the classroom, because we're trying to equip students with the ability to critically evaluate their own situation,\\" Clark said. \\"It's not about getting them to remember all the facts, but showing them how to make the best decision by understanding their personal situation and gathering as much information as they can.\\"\""
"9781" "\"Rodriques was shot in the chest and died on the floor of his South Plainfield home on April 14, 2008.\""
"9782" "\"Such coordinated care forms the core of a health reform bill to reduce costs, improve quality and simplify health care. The Legislature last week created a new Joint Special Committee on Health Care Transformation whose sole mission will be to refine and pass the bill\""
"9783" "\"''I know I'm sick but I'm the only person who can get it done so it was so frustrating so I was angry. I was so angry, I was so overwhelmed that I was sick, it felt crazy.\""
"9784" "\"Hockey has had some similar problems, you probably know. But that sport’s issues with brain injury are rarer than football’s and ostensibly easier to fix. Stop in-game fighting and you have a chance at reducing the most serious long-term consequences.\""
"9785" "\"Vigilantes fight neighborhood crime and the police.\""
"9786" "\"But it may be best known for two accidents — Challenger in 1986 and Columbia in 2003 — that killed 14 astronauts and forced the nation to rethink its space exploration goals.\""
"9787" "\"A memorial paddle-out for surfers is set for noon Sunday in front of Seau's house on the South Strand, north of Wisconsin Avenue.\""
"9788" "\"Chances: Possible -- but not out of the top 10.\""
"9789" "\"But once again, the Spartans offered a lesson in resilience.\""
"9790" "\"May 19: A 5K Power Walk benefit to help underprivileged women striving for economic independence. 8:30 a.m. registration, 10 a.m. walk begins. Post-race activities include booths, entertainment and prizes. Stapleton Central Park, Martin Luther King Boulevard and Beeler Street, dressforsuccess.org/denver\""
"9791" "\"Addison, a Texas A&M pledge at receiver, led Hightower to a 35-14 win over Alexander's Oilers, who were the defending 5A Division I champions, in the Region III championship game two weeks ago.\""
"9792" "\"Currently, Previte's is growing -- with a new DVD of solo electronics, Dialed In, made with video artist Benton-C Bainbridge, and an ambitious new collaborative project called \\"The Separation\\" (as in \\"of church and state\\"), with writer Andrea Kleine, filmmaker Anna Kiraly and an adaptation of Guillaume Dufay's 15th century Missa Sancti Jacobi, \\"rearranged as Coalition music, which is probably going to take a little bit more of a metal direction.\\"\""
"9793" "\"Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani has insisted defensively that \\"this is a failure of the whole world ... including the United States.\\" But CIA Director Leon Panetta, in subsequent interviews, sounded incredulous about the regime's denial and its trustworthiness. In the raid's aftermath, healing this breach of confidence will be a first order of business for both the Obama administration and the Pakistani regime.\""
"9794" "\"Hernandez responded by striking out Kipnis and Shin-Soo Choo. Hernandez hopped off the mound, yelled, and slapped his glove after his 126th pitch.\""
"9795" "\"He noted that \\"judicial races are getting very expensive and who is more likely to donate to a judicial campaign than a lawyer?\\"\""
"9796" "\"Lime peel\""
"9797" "\"Today, Modell may have fallen to No. 1A on the public enemies list. But those wounds he wanted left alone are being picked at by an angry Cleveland-area public eager to pair Mod ell and LeBron James as the biggest pair of traitors ever to flee town.\""
"9798" "\"Beltran a \\"little lost\\"\""
"9799" "\"The wines have certain similar characteristics: dry, but not bone dry; tasting of strawberries; and very refreshing and easy to drink. But the Jean-Louis is more elegant, complex and most similar to real Champagne in its yeasty style with tiny pinpoint bubbles.\""
"9800" "\"Do you have any memories from past Opening Days? Actually, the past couple of years have been great Opening Days for me. My best friend and business partner Sean McShane's birthday always falls around Opening Day, so we use it as a way of celebrating. We get a couple of hotel rooms -- friends travel from as far as Florida every year -- and we party. We travel around the city going from bar to bar, sharing a couple of appetizers and hopefully a Michigan beer, searching for a place we have never been -- usually a really good dive bar.\""
"9801" "\"The Intoxilyzer 5000 is the only evidential breath testing instrument approved for use in Georgia. It has to be inspected every quarter to make sure it's operating effectively.\""
"9802" "\"The Star-Ledger asked Douglas Duerr, a certified financial planner and certified public accountant with U.S. Financial Advisors in Montville, to help Melissa make smart decisions for her retirement.\""
"9803" "\"\\"That kind of shocked me a little bit, which kind of started things with (USC),\\" Miles said. \\"But, I mean, I didn't pick (Washington) for a coordinator. It was too bad that he had to leave, but they got (new offensive coordinator Eric) Kiesau in there, who's a great guy, so I feel comfortable.\\"\""
"9804" "\"Kristl serves on the group, which is struggling to find different ways to help finance the city budget. That's important, because City Hall has several ballot items going to voters later this year. The highlight could be James' proposed $1 billion investment  backed by higher property taxes  to maintain and replace aging infrastructure.\""
"9805" "\"Stewart's goal production plunged dramatically this season, but he's still a top-nine forward on a playoff team. At least to this point, Armstrong got the better of the deal that shipped defenseman Erik Johnson, the former No. 1 overall pick, to Colorado for Shattenkirk and Stewart.\""
"9806" "\"Since the diet change, she has gone from a dress size of 22 to a size 12; she weighs 140 pounds.\""
"9807" "\"The price: $129 to $239\""
"9808" "\"Some markets, he said, like Texas, Northern California and Washington, D.C., have already reached that point.\""
"9809" "\"Under the title \\"Never Stop Dreaming,\\" Lapre said that he worked hard to make his vitamin-selling business work for his customers and investors. \\"I tried to create the best product on Earth, paid out millions, made very little trying to make it a success,\\" Lapre wrote.\""
"9810" "\"\\"The tablets use a touch-screen and can function as an eReader, but students can also connect to the internet through the District Wi-Fi network,\\" the district's technology director, Richard Wilson, said in a news release from the district. \\"They can also access the District moodle intranet where they can have peer to peer interaction to talk about different books and authors.\\"\""
"9811" "\"\\"I think a lot of the furniture is interesting. It's material with age that you would not be able to purchase even in Thailand. A lot of it is quite rare,\\" Tingley said.\""
"9812" "\"Two years ago, they asked Bank of America to modify the terms on the $2,400 monthly mortgage on their home and five acres 10 miles outside Roseburg. The bank put them on a trial plan, cutting the payments to $1,600. After they made more than a year of reduced payments, the bank told them their modification wasn't approved after all and they owed the balance.\""
"9813" "\"Following a reception at Hyatt Regency St. Louis at the Arch, the couple went on a honeymoon to Kauai, Hawaii. They reside in St. Charles.\""
"9814" "\"Bail has been set at $500,000, Murray said.\""
"9815" "\"Cronin was named the league's goalkeeper of the year in 2009 and was selected to the All-League first team. He followed the season by playing with Major League Soccer's DC United on loan, his second MLS stint after playing with the Los Angeles Galaxy from 2004 to 2008.\""
"9816" "\"A: A man who’s passionate about God and understands that God helped him to his success, regardless through all the situations that he’s been through, God still is the one he can depend on.\""
"9817" "\"While he believes nothing beats trying a garment on in person, Harput notes that Fitiquette has the potential to showcase his garments in ways other online retailers cannot.\""
"9818" "\"In Hollywood, companies who want their number removed from the robocall list have to come to city hall, acknowledge the signs have been picked up and pay a fine. Fines range from $75 to $250 depending on how many violations a company has had. So far only seven companies have shown up and received citations, though dozens have been targeted with robocalls, Bober said.\""
"9819" "\"The background is designed to support her with splashes of complementary colors, staging to give sense of depth, and a structure of sorts, in the left background to give balance and interest to the composition. Fongwei has a gift for lighting, color and composition.\""
"9820" "\"\\"(Practice) was good. I just need to get used to the turf,\\" Rooney said after practice Tuesday morning. \\"In a few days, hopefully I will get used to it.\\"\""
"9821" "\"Under the Ohio constitution, the attachment of the appropriation also means that the legislation becomes effective upon the expected signature of Republican Gov. John Kasich. That is an attempt to short-circuit a threatened referendum on the new congressional lines from the Ohio Democratic Party, which would now need a court ruling in its favor to start the referendum process.\""
"9822" "\"Cuisine and scene: Portland's landmark steakhouse gets the entire restaurant to go, for a temporary relocation that sheds some light on the subject.\""
"9823" "\"Barret Jackman-Kevin Shattenkirk\""
"9824" "\"Wyss grew up in Bern, Switzerland. His father sold mechanical calculators and liked to discuss world events, according to Harvard's Web site. Wyss trained as an engineer in Switzerland and soon began setting up Chrysler manufacturing plants worldwide. In 1965, he earned a master's degree at Harvard's business school.\""
"9825" "\"The paid streaming music service's 17 million tracks are now available to Apple's tablet users. The iPad app, Version 0.5.0 of Spotify's iOS app, is iPad-3-ready with Retina graphics and high-definition album art. Users can search for playlists, other subscribers and music from the same view.\""
"9826" "\"To keep the playing field level, we ordered roughly the same thing at each place: a lunch sushi special, which always included several pieces of nigiri and a basic roll, plus a house specialty roll. Without further ado, here are our fishy impressions.\""
"9827" "\"How did the Condé Nast show happen?\""
"9828" "\"Dickens' works are great enough to survive most ill-considered decisions about their adaptation, and so it is with this, an attempt to offer a naturalistic version of the story. In treatments of works by other writers, that approach can enhance credibility, but it's too confining when applied to Dickens. Symbolism, comedy, exaggeration and melodrama all play significant roles in Dickens' greatest novels. Little is to be gained by flattening things out.\""
"9829" "\"What about Little’s drops early in the season and what's your take on that? “I think the more you get comfortable with what you’re doing the actual skills that you need to perform become smoother, the game slows down and then again, it’s in college and in high school, with all due respect, there’s not a lot of defenses that get up in your face and challenge every move you make as a receiver. You see a lot of zone coverage, you see alto of free access. In pro football, they’re right up on you and I think that takes a little bit of getting use to for a receiver and that may be what you’re talking about. As you get more and more use to what we’re doing, where you’re supposed to be then I think catching the football then becomes a little bit more natural.”\""
"9830" "\"Can you do what you need to do by the fall?\""
"9831" "\"Garner, who pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in November, was accused of shooting Martin eight times in the head, neck and chest outside the establishment after Martin finished locking up about 2:20 a.m.\""
"9832" "\"A: When Microsoft replaced the classic menus and toolbars with the tab-based \\"Ribbon\\" at the top in the 2007 version of Office for Windows, it didn't offer an option to keep the old approach. It still doesn't.\""
"9833" "\"U.S. census data and a National Women's Law Center report show that the poverty rate for women in the United States was 14.5 percent in 2010, which was 3.3 percentage points higher than for men.\""
"9834" "\"Just ask the roughly 20 percent of the population that suffers from pollen allergies. According to one expert, pollen particles in central New Jersey a few weeks ago were the highest they had been in 25 years.\""
"9835" "\"\\"You want it to be perfect,\\" Mary Ellen Nossaman said. \\"You want it to be everything it can be.\\"\""
"9836" "\"Zarco said the Roberts company did not fight the loss of its Shula 347 Grill franchise. The restaurant, on the ground floor of the Roberts Tower, opened last spring.\""
"9837" "\"\\"We are going to let Mark decide what he wants to do,\\" Gerstenmaier said, who added that \\"our hearts and prayers go out to the family.\\"\""
"9838" "\"Traveling with your pet will be featured by Marie Hulett on her \\"Pet Place Radio Show\\" at 9 a.m. Sunday (April 8) on KMZT/1260 AM. Pet Place will be at Pet Expo, April 20-22, at the Orange County Fairgrounds. More info: kmozart.com, petplace.org, and facebook.com/PetPlaceRadio.\""
"9839" "\"\\"This is my fan base times 12,\\" Stern says. \\"The crowds are so great, they are so out-of-their-minds rambunctious, and it really fires you up.\\"\""
"9840" "\"It also swatted back at Olbermann, whose attorney at one point in the lawsuit likened Current to a public-access cable channel.\""
"9841" "\"Blackwell, who is self-employed and a Democrat, said he felt the state's leaders all \\"had their own agenda.\\"\""
"9842" "\"øThe biggest complication that will affect many investors is that brokers aren't required to track the cost basis on investments bought many years ago. Also, if you moved from one brokerage firm to another, the firm you're leaving isn't required to forward the cost basis on the stocks to the new brokerage firm. Things can get tricky, too, if you're buying and selling the same investments in two separate brokerage accounts.\""
"9843" "\"The 14 layoffs will take effect July 1, saving the board $1 million.\""
"9844" "\"\\"A lot of people don't know the reason for having St. Patrick's Day, either,\\" said Gonzalez, a 24-year Air Force veteran.\""
"9845" "\"\\"We made a lot of concessions, but unfortunately at this time it's not enough, and we're not prepared or unable at this time to move any further,\\" union executive director Billy Hunter said.\""
"9846" "\"I find myself praying for the programmed voice to interrupt the music and say \\"half-way\\" and \\"five seconds left.\\"\""
"9847" "\"\\"I'm going to do an engine run-up right now,\\" he said while at the controls of a Cessna Skyhawk II in a routine no doubt heard time and again by successive generations of aviators. \\"I'm checking the idle now. Now, I'm going to check my flight indicators. Vertical screen. Oil pressure. And if my alternator's working.\""
"9848" "\"Philadelphia’s Kurt Vile brought substantial volume and a bit more energy to his opening set, impressing with bludgeoning psychedelic drones that bordered on stoner rock. Imagine the young Lou Reed fronting Neil Young’s Crazy Horse.\""
"9849" "\"After her offensive heroics, she was still left with an inning left of work on the mound. After giving up a walk and a sacrifice bunt to put the tying run on second base, Sutherland-Finch struck out the next two batters to end the game.\""
"9850" "\"Rock County sheriff's Capt. Jude Mauer says Neal's remains are expected to arrive Saturday.\""
"9851" "\"The war over the ad underscores the rancorous debate behind the new law restricting collective bargaining, known as Senate Bill 5, leading up to the Nov. 8 voter referendum. We Are Ohio seeks a no vote on Issue 2 to repeal the law, while Building a Better Ohio wants voters to say yes and keep the statute.\""
"9852" "\"This year, Limones said she can't afford to celebrate Christmas with gifts. She's going to be saving every penny she has to welcome her son, Jesus, who is due Jan. 25.\""
"9853" "\"\\"Well, the whole world is seeing how good our pitching is,\\" Giants first baseman Aubrey Huff said. \\"But we're going to their place, and their fans will be fired up. They've been waiting a long time for this, too.\\"\""
"9854" "\"The former Pennsylvania senator told reporters he was confident \\"that we can win Kansas on Saturday and come into Alabama and Mississippi, and this race should come down to two people.\\"\""
"9855" "\"Enjoyed article\""
"9856" "\"Suddenly, though, the Lakers discovered that they could use a bit of Metta World Peace, who attended the shootaround Friday at the arena, then settled somewhere else in the city to watch the game on TV Friday night.\""
"9857" "\"Through the first six months of this budget year, government revenue has totaled $1.06 trillion, up 4.4 percent from the same period a year ago. Individual and corporate tax receipts are both up, reflecting the improving economy.\""
"9858" "\"When Brantley went on the disabled list Aug. 23 with a broken hamate bone in his right hand, it meant the Indians' top three outfielders would end the season unable to play. Brantley and Choo were on the disabled list and Sizemore's sore right knee required surgery at the end of the year.\""
"9859" "\"Richard Wagstaff Clark was born Nov. 30, 1929 in Mt. Vernon, N.Y.\""
"9860" "\"On her first album in three years, Norah Jones sifts through the wreckage and aftermath of heartbreak.\""
"9861" "\"--Martha Payan, 59, a retired nurse and Phoenix resident originally from Puerto Rico.\""
"9862" "\"Also, a former Saturn assembly plant in Spring Hill, Tenn., will be reopened under the deal, the people said, and new products have been promised to plants in Romulus, Mich.; Warren, Mich.; and Wentzville, Mo. A plant in Janesville, Wis., which stopped producing trucks in 2009, will remain idled but won't close.\""
"9863" "\"Ficano used his appointees and other at-will employees, who can be fired without cause, to build Michigan's largest political machine controlled by an elected official.\""
"9864" "\"Denver was 10-of-22 shooting, but missed all five 3-point attempts.\""
"9865" "\"In general, our servers were friendly and professional, and one good buffing away from polished. Questions about the food were answered, though not always correctly. When we asked what \\"Painted Hills\\" was, since it appeared on the menu with the flat iron steak ($24.95), our waiter replied, \\"It's a farm.\\"\""
"9866" "\"In the medical student study, a month was enough to make stress-impaired brains get their groove back. But wait! Don't snort. Sure, a month off is inconceivable. But it's possible that less time could do the trick too.\""
"9867" "\"Kinosian is a freelance critic.\""
"9868" "\"They have adult children in the Seaside area, according to Marquis.\""
"9869" "\"Lodging collections were up 9 percent and dining and entertainment rose 5 percent.\""
"9870" "\"Academy of St. Martin in the Fields\""
"9871" "\"More Orange County beach news:\""
"9872" "\"\\"It's not something they do because they feel like they have to do it,\\" she said. \\"They do it because it's in their souls to do it. It's a passion, and I think no matter where they go, they'll always serve the underserved.\\"\""
"9873" "\"Grade: Senior.\""
"9874" "\"Sheamus and Daniel Bryan finally had the match fans have been waiting for, and it did not disappoint. Iin the match of the night, both men delivered great twists and turns, with Bryan garnering much of the attention (and fan support) from the Chicago crowd. After Bryan deliberately got himself disqualified after failing to respond to a ref's 5 count leading to the first fall, Bryan locked in the “Yes” lock, leading to fall No. 2 after Sheamus passed out. Once he came to, a rehash of WrestleMania's 18-second match seemed to be the path for fall No. 3, but Bryan kicked out. Eventually, a second Brogue Kick would seal the deal. Though Bryan doesn't hold the World Heavyweight title, he proved that he is a champion in terms of someone who can be counted on to always be one half of a fantastic match in big-stage situations.\""
"9875" "\"CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Bill Livingston's quick analysis of the 2012 NCAA Tournament field.\""
"9876" "\"Mom has always had busy hands and a busy mind. At 76, she's still a force to contend with. So during her last visit, I thought it'd be fun to write an article with her.\""
"9877" "\"Wieden acknowledged that the particular combination of old and new approaches to marketing is a key strength of W+K these days -- and a long way removed from 2006.\""
"9878" "\"When: 3:15 p.m. Saturday\""
"9879" "\"2513 Shannonaire Dr, $3,500\""
"9880" "\"U+B architects replaced the home's small, closed-off rooms and dark oak woodwork with crisp white walls, steel railings and a light-filled floor plan in which the living room, dining room and kitchen flow together.\""
"9881" "\"However, she cautions that DNA, while a valuable tool, does not replace thorough police investigation, a process that starts with believing victims and treating them with respect.\""
"9882" "\"Six months ago, Cpl. Christian Perez was in Iraq with the 6th Motor Transportation Batallion.\""
"9883" "\"Hamilton had an exceptionally strong final lap to beat the Williams driver by more than half a second for his third pole position of the season and 22nd of his career.\""
"9884" "\"But some district residents and staff are worried cuts will be too deep, including possible cuts of some support staff.\""
"9885" "\"mo ky fellow wrote: \\"What a wonderful story about a very brave young lady. I wish for her the very best. She is a great example for others, both young and old.\\"\""
"9886" "\"The Christie Administration released new 2011 district graduation rates on Tuesday calculated using a new federally-mandated methodology called the “four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate,” and Gloucester County’s average rate is 4.3 percent higher than the state average.\""
"9887" "\"State Sen. Chip Shields, D-Portland, said he'd support reintroducing bills that would require all police use of deadly force be investigated by the state attorney general, and the public release of grand jury transcripts in such cases.\""
"9888" "\"\\"It's been a great opportunity playing here, I'll miss this team, the way we played together. We all love each other,\\" said Davis, who picked up every major player of the year award and is likely the No. 1 pick in June's draft. \\"I'm just going to miss this place. We won an NCAA championship here and did a lot. We all did a lot for this school and I'm going to miss it.\\"\""
"9889" "\"Skylar went country, of course, with Jason Aldean's \\"Tattoos on This Town.\\" But here's the thing. She tends to overdo the twang on proper country songs, pulling it back enough on songs that fall outside her comfort zone to seem more like an honest country singer than a theme-park cartoon of a country singer. What I'm getting at is it was fine but I believed her as a country singer more when she was doing Queen.\""
"9890" "\"Lasky said the company will notify PJM Thursday. He said the company expects PJM to require about 90 days to complete its analysis.\""
"9891" "\"It was a calculated gamble for both sides. By offering a one-year deal, the Blazers could lose Oden to free agency after this season. But at the same time, they limited their losses should Oden become injured again. For Oden, his signing with Portland ensured he would get the highest single-season payday available, while allowing him to become an unrestricted free agent next summer. But he also left himself at risk should he become injured again.\""
"9892" "\"\\"It's a private f---ing thing, not a public thing,\\" Dimora says on the recording.\""
"9893" "\"The state Attorney General’s Office Thursday said it is reviewing calls for an investigation into the controversial surveillance program. Lee Moore, a spokesman for the department, said the governor’s executive orders will be part of their review, but declined to comment further.\""
"9894" "\"But communications experts who have advised governors during times of crisis say there is a lot Christie could have done differently to reassure the public and prevent what has become an international flap. And, in general, they give him bad reviews for the way he responded last week.\""
"9895" "\"The fair, organized by Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve, a Department of Defense program, brought about 25 veterans and national guard reservists together for a morning workshop on how to develop interviewing and résumé skills as well as effective job-searching techniques.\""
"9896" "\"Authorities ask anyone with information concerning the accident to call the prosecutor's office at (908) 231-7100, or Bridgewater police at (908) 722-4111.\""
"9897" "\"Worse, according to a May 2011 study by the Times, Gloucester County taxpayers are on the hook for $19.2 million. Varying by local contracts, county government has the largest liability at $7.1 million for 61,000 unused sick days, followed by Deptford which owed $2.7 million for 74,289 days, and Washington Township at $2.2 million for 7,170 days. But Woodbury, Pitman, National Park, Newfield and Westville don’t allow sick leave payouts at all.\""
"9898" "\"On Saturday, Romney answered Jeffress' charge: He praised former Reagan official Bill Bennett, who spoke ahead of Romney at the conference. \\"You did Rick Perry no good, sir, in what you had to say,\\" said Bennett, denouncing Jeffress for \\"bigotry\\" against Mormons.\""
"9899" "\"Scott, a 29-year-old Hoboken resident, had no restaurant experience, so he enlisted Roberto Santibañez — who had done stints as a restaurateur, author, consultant and teacher in Mexico, Europe and the U.S. — to be the Taco Truck’s \\"culinary partner.\\" Santibañez is a Mexico City native, so if the truck’s tacos and tortas don’t seem authentic to you, good luck finding the real thing. The truck’s day-to-day cook is Paris Retana, a Culinary Institute of America grad whom Scott calls the \\"taco guru.\\"\""
"9900" "\"In many ways, the text had become my own experience of fleeing Nineveh, the legendary Assyrian city in the story. God calls Jonah to head there to proclaim judgment against the city. Jonah declines God's invitation, and instead takes a cruise to Tarshish, a seaport in the exact opposite direction of Nineveh. As everyone knows, this lands Jonah in a heap of trouble. God hurls a wind upon the sea, causing a storm that even turned crusty old sailors into a bunch of scaredey cats.\""
"9901" "\"The Cleveland Pops Orchestra and conductor Carl Topilow perform all sorts of tunes during the course of a concert season -- many by themselves, others with guest vocalists and choruses.\""
"9902" "\"You go, Joan: I always say this, but I love when Christina Hendricks gets a showcase. And her Joan got a whopper this episode after we missed her during last week's Ode to Fat Betty.\""
"9903" "\"Lawrence's literary scene has been better-known for its past  early home of Langston Hughes; final home of William S. Burroughs  than its present. The city's current lit-minded contingent of readers and writers wants that to change.\""
"9904" "\"Allison Kane, \\"Spring Awakening\\" (Griffin Theatre Company)\""
"9905" "\"Vicki Berger, a 58-year-old Republican representative from Salem, was one of the 10 tested. Society needs to carefully weigh the costs and benefits of products and seek more scientific study, she said, not impose \\"willy nilly\\" bans.\""
"9906" "\"I met Cameron at the insistence of Nicole Fama, one of the educators responsible for the remarkable transformation that has occurred at Arlington Woods over the past two years. She had told me Cameron exemplifies how much students are learning and thriving under the school's turnaround program, Project Restore. But he's something else as well: a symbol of the urgent need to get serious about improving all of Indianapolis' schools.\""
"9907" "\"Sept. 23 – A burglary was reported in the 13400 block of Colton Place.\""
"9908" "\"8043 Pinetop Dr, $247,000\""
"9909" "\"\\"We still have some tough matches remaining against teams like Belleville West and Centralia,\\" Parker said. \\"But we are at the point of our schedule where we are playing a lot of teams we can be competitive against. I think we have a chance to finish at .500 or above and we should have a chance to be very competitive in our conference.\\"\""
"9910" "\"-- The USA Cross Country Championships take place Saturday in Spokane. Oregon Track Club Elite/Portland stars Shalane Flanagan and Dathan Ritzenhein are favored in the women's and men's races respectively, and Ben Bruce and Billy Nelson of OTC Elite/Eugene are in the men's field.\""
"9911" "\"\\"But what moves children in the direction of eating new vegetables and fruits and grains, eating less processed food? It's watching adults in their lives. It's the types of food they are exposed to. We see that as our role in school.\\"\""
"9912" "\"Lisa Brown, Tim Barker and Georgina Gustin of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.\""
"9913" "\"The goal was Carlson's first of the playoffs, and it breathed life into the home crowd. The fans were moved to the edge of their seats minutes later when the Capitals broke out on a 3-on-1 rush, but Lundqvist came out to stop Laich in close for the biggest save top that point in the game.\""
"9914" "\"Center 5 13 10 17  45\""
"9915" "\"\\"Right now Hoch is just kind of in a rut and having trouble getting out of it,\\" Royals manager Ned Yost said. \\"He went to Detroit and had a bad game and had another bad game today. I'm not really sure what it is. His stuff is good. He gets to a point where he starts fighting his location, and balls are hitting the fat part of the plate. Pitchers do get into slumps like hitters do. He's definitely in one right now, but it's not something I think he can't work himself out of and get to be a productive member of our rotation.\\"\""
"9916" "\"Dingell, attributed to Winston Churchill\""
"9917" "\"Scott Thomas Olsen, 24, of Onalaska, Wisc., was admitted to Highland after he was hit on the head above his right eye during clashes with police, said hospital spokesman Curt Olsen.\""
"9918" "\"Teachers from UC Berkeley, the University of Arizona, the Smithsonian and the Exploratorium lead lessons on the solar system, the body and quantum mechanics, which the monks and nuns in turn teach to children. The Exploratorium, which operates teacher training programs around the world, including Mexico, Antarctica, Singapore and Brazil, joined the Science for Monks program last year.\""
"9919" "\"Officials noted that the student-produced content currently available on WTSR will not be forced off the air when games are being broadcast. It will be available on the station's website, www.wtsr.org.\""
"9920" "\"In the message, Lananna said UO women's distance runner Alex Kosinski had been scratched from the NCAA Indoor Track & Field Championships with a \\"stress reaction.\\"\""
"9921" "\"\\"He's been home caring for her the past couple of weeks,\\" Penner said in an interview.\""
"9922" "\"North High School's concert choir and concert chorale received superior ratings at the state competition on April 12.\""
"9923" "\"As the spotlight is more prominently focused on the clouds, such as Google Drive, the era of being able to mindlessly click \\"OK\\" or \\"Agree\\" is over.\""
"9924" "\"John Gomard, who stopped to ask police officers at the library about the shooting, said he often talks about how safe the area is.\""
"9925" "\"That will not change tomorrow. That is something that is already important today. If there was fraud on our site today, or any other site, they would go out of business, and the same would be true after equity crowd-funding passes.\""
"9926" "\"He failed to fully cooperate with an OLPR investigation.\""
"9927" "\"“Safe,” though, is back to stripped-down action, smoothly made (the opening sequences, which cut on parallel actions to set up parallel stories, are particularly well done).\""
"9928" "\"Harper, 19, recorded his first hit and RBI in his first game Saturday with the Nationals.\""
"9929" "\"Defensive lineman Fili Moala described general manager Ryan Grigson and coach Chuck Pagano as \\"great guys,\\" but quickly added, \\"at the end of the day, I'm not their guy. They don't know me from Joe Schmoe.\\"\""
"9930" "\"Browns draft pick John Hughes told 92.3 The Fan he wasn't surprised the Browns drafted him in third round. So he's the one. ...\""
"9931" "\"Tom Coughlin said at the NFL Scouting Combine last month he didn't believe Ahmad Bradshaw would need surgery on his foot. That's apparently still the case, though the Giants' running back did require some form of procedure recently.\""
"9932" "\"Protesters took their economic concerns to a new venue Tuesday -- the sprawling Lafayette home of a top Chevron Corp. executive.\""
"9933" "\"Yes, the Yankees are ruthless; yes, as Rich suggests, \\"There are only three possible outcomes to a Yankees season: embarrassment (2004), disappointment (2005-08, 2010), and satisfaction (2009).\\" And yet, peer beneath the surface, and you'll discover something unexpected, that the truest Yankees fans, the \\"fans of long standing,\\" are \\"obsessive, passionate, and most astonishing to me, they live in constant fear. No matter how much success their team has, they still expect the worst.\\"\""
"9934" "\"\\"Can I get you some tea?\\" he asks. I nod and soon he's back with an ornate glass-and-metal mug of Earl Grey. I drop in a couple of lumps of sugar, stir, sip and watch the sun set behind the dunes.\""
"9935" "\"Capt. Fred Zumbo of the Arizona Department of Public Safety said the smugglers would drive the vans and trucks to the U.S. side of the border, where they would pick up immigrants who had crossed on foot.\""
"9936" "\"BLOOMSBURY — The vehicle of a 35-year-old East Hartford, Conn., woman had to be towed after it hit a piece of metal debris laying across Route 78, according to Perryville State Police.\""
"9937" "\"The bronzed figure of Ryan extending his cap in the air has become an icon at Rangers Ballpark. The entire franchise is built around Ryan's image as a right-handed strikeout pitcher who battled hitters into his mid-40s. He's considered the John Wayne of baseball, a legendary hero who embodies the best the game has to offer.\""
"9938" "\"It also gives Afghanistan much-needed military support to deal with an insurgency that shows no signs of abating. Just hours after U.S. President Barack Obama left Afghanistan on Wednesday, the Taliban carried out a brazen suicide attack in the capital against a heavily fortified compound housing hundreds of foreigners, killing at least seven Afghan civilians.\""
"9939" "\"The Revolution is not your typical one-string, four-corner affair. Designed by the San Diego-based Hadzeki brothers in 1988, the highly engineered kite has four strings that are controlled by marionette-like rods, allowing the operator to acrobatically manipulate the kite into precise positions that defy gravity and common sense.\""
"9940" "\"\\"She's doing a lot better today,\\" Hatman said. \\"She's up and active and wagging her tail.\\"\""
"9941" "\"Contact Mark Snyder: msnyder@freepress.com . Follow him on Twitter @freepwolverines.\""
"9942" "\"Surveys show Santorum running strongly in Oklahoma, which has 40 delegates, while Tennessee, with 55, shapes up as a struggle. There are modest amounts of television advertising in both states, indicating that several camps view then as competitive.\""
"9943" "\"\\"Our work together has a lot of shorthand,\\" Stevens said. \\"Everything I'm talking about, he already knows what I'm talking about, but ten times as much.\\"\""
"9944" "\"\\"It is a good message of assurance, and differs from the former American administration's position on this matter which showed no real understanding of Islamic countries,\\" al-Dabbagh said. \\"This decision by Obama will help to reform the image Muslims have of America.\\"\""
"9945" "\"\\"We really want to make an impression with this,\\" said Lynda Bender, the museum's director of education and public programs. \\"Part of our goal is to help the community recognize the Maltz Museum as a place really interested in issues of diversity, tolerance and what happens when people hate each other.\""
"9946" "\"Butin advises utilizing vertical space for accessories and shoes. The shelf above the hanging bar can house hat boxes and shoes stored in clear plastic boxes. Side walls can hold hooks for handbags, and a corkboard can display jewelry. Belts get messy quickly, she warns, so rolling them and placing them in a basket is your best bet. You can also keep your go-to shoes in a basket on the floor.\""
"9947" "\"\\"We can do better than to dismantle the Postal Service and privatize its operations,\\" Kucinich's news release said.\""
"9948" "\"Over the years, many kids -- primarily suburban students studying bridges and eager to experience an urban downtown -- have sent thank-you notes, some funnier than others:\""
"9949" "\"\\"Are we concerned? Of course. Everybody's always concerned about the prospect of losing revenue due to losing access,\\" he said. \\"What we can do is tough it out, like we do everything else.\\"\""
"9950" "\"Stats: 8.6 points, 5.7 rebounds, 1.2 assists.\""
"9951" "\"Russo's cooperation could put additional pressure on Dimora to plead guilty, as well as others who have yet to be charged, said Geoffrey Mearns, a former federal prosecutor who is now the provost at Cleveland State University.\""
"9952" "\"Santiago (second blown save in six chances) followed scoreless relief work by Addison Reed, Ohman and Nate Jones as the Sox lost for the second time in a row.\""
"9953" "\"\\"We will pursue our accusation and petition to revoke Dr. Rutland's license as expeditiously as possible,\\" she said.\""
"9954" "\"\\"I have already represented four of the five counties in this district and in each of those counties real results have yielded from my public service,\\" Kaptur says. \\"I view myself as someone who is always trying to make life better in practical ways and putting the pieces together to do that.\\"\""
"9955" "\"The last time the corporate kicker came into play was 2007, when companies stood to receive about $300 million in refunds. Lawmakers forged an agreement with business leaders to divert the money into a newly formed rainy day fund instead of returning it to corporations.\""
"9956" "\"Take his chapter on chicken soup. There, Stone tells us, cooking the soup releases an amino acid that resembles the drug acetylcysteine, which is used to treat bronchitis and other respiratory ailments. The vitamins and nutrients in chicken soup slow the growth of mucus-stimulating white blood cells called neutrophils. And new Japanese research shows that the old-fashioned remedy may fight high blood pressure, too.\""
"9957" "\"\\"The very least we owe them is to make sure that they and their brave families have everything they need for the darkest days, and, in time, regain the hope and confidence to flourish again,\\" Harry said.\""
"9958" "\"El Paso County has filed 13 Article 4 cases since 2006 and previously asked Mexico to prosecute fugitive Agustin Banda for a 2001 hit-and-run accident that killed a local bicyclist. Tried under Article 4, Banda was convicted in 2005 and sentenced to three years and nine months of probation — roughly the same punishment he would have received in the U.S., Ramos said.\""
"9959" "\"You can already hear the chorus singing: We'd gladly give up our personal freedoms for a $95 million contract with the Bulls and a $260 million contract with Adidas. Where do we sign up?\""
"9960" "\"SINGLES: Michael Song def. Matt Morini, 6-1, 6-1; Dan Vaysburd def. Bob Millar, 6-2, 6-0; Paul Von Autenreid def. Matt Brockman, 6-0, 6-0.\""
"9961" "\"\\"This is actually much better than working out in a health club because it's a full-body workout,\\" said Heather Hilchey, a Chicagoan who studies swordplay and fencing at Forteza. \\"And it's much more fun than a health club, because you have an opportunity to play with swords and interact with other people. You're not just on a machine by yourself.\\"\""
"9962" "\"Last year 36 students took AP exams in three subjects, scoring on average 1.4.\""
"9963" "\"Madison Mayor John Hamm said if flood insurance were made mandatory, it would pose a tremendous burden to many Metro East residents. \\"They're not going to be able to afford that,\\" he said. \\"It's just vital that this gets done.\\"\""
"9964" "\"Assets Average Average Compound Fund ($Mil) Maturity Yield(%) Yield(%) AZL Money Market Fund 858.9 36 0.00 0.00 Amer Century Capital Presv Fund/In 2,878.9 46 0.01 0.01 Amer Century Prime MMF/Inv Shares 2,278.4 41 0.01 0.01 American Funds MMF/529A Shrs r 731.9 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/529C Shares r 155.8 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl A 15,432.1 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl B r 249.7 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl C r 479.7 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl R2 r 1,370.5 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl R3 r 1,203.6 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl R4 r 723.4 49 0.00 0.00 American Funds MMF/Cl R5 r 355.7 49 0.00 0.00 BBH Money Market Fund/Regular h 1,337.1 21 0.01 0.01 BBIF Govt Secs Fund Class 3 r 114.1 57 0.00 0.00 BBIF Govt Secs Fund Class 4 r 139.5 57 0.00 0.00 BBIF Money Fund Class 1 r 348.5 30 0.00 0.00 BBIF Money Fund Class 2 r 1,335.7 30 0.00 0.00 BBIF Money Fund Class 3 r 1,823.6 30 0.00 0.00 BBIF Money Fund Class 4 r 1,818.0 30 0.00 0.00 BBIF Treas Fund Class 2 r 112.6 52 0.00 0.00 BBIF Treas Fund Class 3 r 370.0 52 0.00 0.00 BBIF Treas Fund Class 4 r 973.7 52 0.00 0.00 BIF Govt Securities Fund 281.7 57 0.00 0.00 BIF Money Fund 5,290.6 30 0.00 0.00 BIF Treasury Fund 2,019.9 52 0.00 0.00 BlackRock Liquidity:FedFund Select 122.4 47 0.00 0.00 BlackRock Liquidity:T-Fund Select 259.7 47 0.01 0.01 BlackRock Liquidity:TempFund Selec 520.3 39 0.00 0.00 BlackRock MMP/Inv A 315.5 41 0.00 0.00 BofA Cash Reserves/Daily 1,435.9 31 0.00 0.00 BofA Cash Reserves/Trust r h 795.7 31 0.02 0.02 BofA Govt Reserves/Trust r h 2,174.8 45 0.00 0.00 BofA MM Reserves/Instit Cap r h 243.1 34 0.11 0.11 BofA MM Reserves/Trust r h 113.1 34 0.01 0.01 BofA Treas Reserves/Daily 127.5 48 0.00 0.00 BofA Treas Reserves/Trust r h 711.5 48 0.00 0.00 Burnham US Govt MMF 140.5 38 0.00 0.00 CAT: Govt&Agen Secs/DWS Govt&AgenM 152.9 47 0.01 0.01 CAT: Govt&Agen Secs/Service 200.6 47 0.01 0.01 CAT: MMP/Service Shares 1,079.7 45 0.01 0.01 CNI Charter Govt MMF/Cl N 3,409.4 50 0.01 0.01 CNI Charter Govt MMF/Cl S 344.8 50 0.01 0.01 CNI Charter Prime MMF/Cl N 463.6 30 0.01 0.01 CNI Charter Prime MMF/Cl S 303.6 30 0.01 0.01 Calvert First Govt MMF/A Shrs 114.0 47 0.01 0.01 Calvert Money Market Portfolio 146.5 21 0.01 0.01 Capital Assets Fund/Govt & Agency 240.4 47 0.01 0.01 Capital Assets Fund/MMP 686.5 45 0.02 0.02 Cash Reserve Prime/Inv 627.0 49 0.01 0.01 Cavanal Hill Cash Mgmt/Adm 425.1 37 0.00 0.00 Cavanal Hill US Treas Fund/Adm 1,054.5 39 0.00 0.00 Columbia Govt MMF/Cl A 100.9 20 0.01 0.01 Columbia Money Market Fund/Cl A 2,027.2 38 0.01 0.01 Columbia VP Cash Management/Cl 1 r 281.9 36 0.01 0.01 Columbia VP Cash Management/Cl 3 r 594.5 36 0.01 0.01 DWS ICT Treas Port/Inv Class 562.3 51 0.01 0.01 DWS MM Prime Ser/DWS Cash Inv Tr/A 256.6 46 0.01 0.01 DWS MM Prime Ser/DWS Cash Inv Tr/S 448.9 46 0.01 0.01 DWS MM Prime Ser/DWS MMF 1,444.5 46 0.01 0.01 DWS Money Market VIP r 231.3 46 0.01 0.01 DWS Premier Money Market Shrs/Trea 120.2 51 0.01 0.01 DWS US Treasury Money Fund/Cl S r 139.3 51 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-MMP/Advantage 1,616.3 28 0.02 0.02 Daily Income Fund-MMP/Inv Svc 413.9 28 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-MMP/Investor 178.8 28 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-MMP/Retail 775.8 28 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-MMP/moneymarketX 264.9 28 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-US Govt/Advantag 897.4 43 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-US Govt/Retail 330.7 43 0.01 0.01 Daily Income Fund-US Treas/Inv 192.1 46 0.00 0.00 Daily Income Fund-US Treas/Inv Svc 146.4 46 0.00 0.00 Davis Govt MMF/Cl A 185.3 16 0.00 0.00 Delaware Cash Reserve/Class A 268.4 52 0.06 0.06 Dreyfus 100% US Treas MMF 1,154.1 48 0.00 0.00 Dreyfus BASIC MMF 416.3 20 0.00 0.00 Dreyfus BASIC US Govt MMF 169.8 51 0.02 0.02 Dreyfus Liquid Assets/Cl 1 853.5 19 0.00 0.00 Dreyfus Liquid Assets/Cl 2 r 3,859.9 19 0.05 0.05 Dreyfus MM Instr/Govt Secs 899.0 51 0.01 0.01 Dreyfus MM Instr/MM Series h 1,470.7 19 0.05 0.05 Dreyfus Money Market Resvs/Inv r h 211.6 31 0.00 0.00 Dreyfus US Treas Reserves/Cl R r h 177.8 33 0.02 0.02 Dreyfus US Treas Reserves/Inv r h 131.3 33 0.02 0.02 Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar MMF 356.7 22 0.00 0.00 Edward Jones MMF/Inv Class 11,165.0 45 0.01 0.01 Edward Jones MMF/RS Class 2,847.3 45 0.01 0.01 Elfun Money Market Fund r 181.8 42 0.00 0.00 FFI Government Fund h 3,314.6 43 0.00 0.00 FFI Institutional Fund h 3,011.6 38 0.03 0.03 FFI Treasury Fund h 3,852.9 53 0.00 0.00 Federated Auto Cash Mgmt Tr/Cl R 142.8 42 0.01 0.01 Federated Capital Reserves Fund 11,159.9 45 0.00 0.00 Federated Govt Cash Series 2,614.6 45 0.01 0.01 Federated Govt Reserves Fund 12,051.4 48 0.00 0.00 Federated Liberty US Govt MMT/Cl A 148.8 44 0.00 0.00 Federated Prime Cash Series 3,397.2 36 0.01 0.01 Federated Prime Money Fund II r 204.6 39 0.00 0.00 Federated Treasury Cash Series 2,571.1 45 0.00 0.00 Fidelity Cash Reserves 119,928.6 49 0.02 0.02 Fidelity Government MMF 689.0 52 0.01 0.01 Fidelity Money Market Fund 3,761.5 53 0.01 0.01 Fidelity Select Money Market 5,976.0 46 0.10 0.10 Fidelity Treas Fund/Adv C 121.2 45 0.01 0.01 Fidelity US Govt Reserves 2,641.4 53 0.01 0.01 Fidelity US Treasury MMF 6,621.2 54 0.01 0.01 Fifth Third Prime MMF/Cl A 357.6 44 0.01 0.01 Fifth Third Prime MMF/Instit r 470.8 44 0.01 0.01 First Amer Govt Oblig/Cl A 250.7 52 0.00 0.00 First Amer Govt Oblig/Cl D r 2,065.1 52 0.00 0.00 First Amer Prime Oblig/Cl A 1,134.4 45 0.00 0.00 First Amer Prime Oblig/Cl D r 1,003.3 45 0.00 0.00 First Amer Treas Oblig/Cl A 610.9 49 0.00 0.00 First Amer Treas Oblig/Cl D r 2,003.6 49 0.00 0.00 First Amer Treas Oblig/Reserve 374.9 49 0.00 0.00 First Amer US Treas MMF/Cl D r 168.0 50 0.00 0.00 First Investors Cash Mgmt Fund/Cl 148.0 34 0.00 0.00 Forward US Govt Money Fund/Instit h 201.0 50 0.01 0.01 Franklin Money Fund 1,952.5 44 0.00 0.00\""
"9965" "\"Bankruptcy lawyer Ed Nazar, who represents a couple of subcontractors who are owed money by Hawker Beechcraft, said the bankruptcy may hurt the ability of subcontractors and vendors to get paid for outstanding accounts. He also lamented that the filing wasn't made in Kansas.\""
"9966" "\"Senator Miller says he hopes the committee can act quickly enough to introduce legislation to be acted on this year. The effort was not made in concert with the House of Delegates — which has its own problem to deal with in the person of Del. Tiffany Alston, who has been indicted on charges that she misappropriated state funds for personal use — but House Speaker Michael E. Busch said he is open to considering any proposals the group makes.\""
"9967" "\"Stratton 34, Granada 16\""
"9968" "\"Moments before, two Seminole County sheriff's vehicles blocked access to the intake building parking lot where Zimmerman was being released. Zimmerman emerged after two public information officers confirmed the credentials of the photographers outside.\""
"9969" "\"\\"I like to take various pieces and meld them together until they make sense,\\" Oberg said. \\"I believe in using what people have and what reflects your loves and your likes.\\"\""
"9970" "\"With 87 examples to choose from, we had a hard time culling our selections to the 10 that represented the various styles. In fact, we couldn't, so we decided to feature 12.\""
"9971" "\"Gershel said that bank fraud laws are similar to mail fraud statutes.\""
"9972" "\"\\"Sometime. Between. 1 and 4. In the afternoon!\""
"9973" "\"A fire in Edgewood Tuesday caused minimal damage to a residence.\""
"9974" "\"Schlabach writes:\""
"9975" "\"Then there’s Israel. Some analysts think Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will call an early 2012 election if by the spring his advisers believe Obama is likely to win reelection. Positioned to win, he’s unlikely to offer new concessions to the Palestinians.\""
"9976" "\"Two psychiatric examinations reached opposite conclusions on that point. In a statement to the court, the Norwegian Board of Forensic Medicine asked for additional information from two pscyhiatrists who found Breivik sane, saying their report was incomplete.\""
"9977" "\"The company lowered its sales forecast for the current quarter to $41 million to $42 million, compared with the $47 million that analysts expected.\""
"9978" "\"What's needed is some less inflammatory language and confrontation and some more dialogue and quiet reflection. The federal government has an important role to play in promoting public health and the greater good. The church leadership has a right to its beliefs.\""
"9979" "\"On the physical side, things are perhaps rosier and at least more concrete. Under Bernstein, the theater's backstage facilities have been upgraded, some by the Rep alone, some in cooperation with Opera Theatre of St. Louis and Webster University. Rep fundraising, which brought in about $500,000 a year when he arrived, now brings in about four times that much.\""
"9980" "\"In fiscal 2011, Timothy Smucker, 67, was paid a base salary of $853,000; a bonus of $17,060; stock awards of $2,345,750; non-equity incentive compensation of $1,053,500; pension and deferred compensation earnings of $892,439; and other compensation valued at $48,345.\""
"9981" "\"\\"You couldn't see anything because the light was so blinding,\\" he said.\""
"9982" "\"If Dawkins was going to come back, he would play only for the Broncos, where he had spent his previous three seasons. Fox was welcoming if Dawkins decided to play one more season, but the coach told the player to take all the time he needed.\""
"9983" "\"Shares of Johnson & Johnson fell 23 cents to $64.98 in morning trading.\""
"9984" "\"In the subject line of an e-mail message, he wrote: \\"confidential memo for transplant team members only.\\"\""
"9985" "\"The event was not fancy, held in the gymnasium at the Friendly Inn Settlement, a social-service resource center near East 55th Street and Quincy Avenue. Participants found a few trays of food and several tables of medals, plaques and football-shaped trophies paid for by the Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority.\""
"9986" "\"He went to premieres. He showed his face in the right places. You’d see him in New York magazine’s “Intelligencer” pages all the time. And, best of all, he broke from the gate fast. He wasn’t a Knick 20 games when he had the fans at Madison Square Garden chanting “M-V-P!” Now, even then, if you’d spiked those fans’ $10 beers with some sodium pentothal, even they would have told you he was a flawed player.\""
"9987" "\"In contrast, we really liked the Pink Floyd Cabernet. And we aren't the only ones. Several St. Louis-area stores had run out of stock of the wine in early December and were awaiting new shipments. In addition to the striking label, this is a good wine that should age well. It's nicely balanced with focused tannins, a solid medium body, silky mouthfeel and delicious plum fruit.\""
"9988" "\"\\"We will come out of this rid of some of the historic legacy costs that have been dragging us down for the last 20 years or so,\\" GM Vice Chairman Bob Lutz said Thursday at an Automotive Press Association luncheon in Detroit. \\"We will come out of it with an all new focus on product development.\\"\""
"9989" "\"The self-imposed regulations, announced Thursday, would give companies time to make adjustments. Under the plan, the recipes of about one-third of all food and beverages marketed to children would have to change as of Dec. 31, 2013, if they are to continue being advertised.\""
"9990" "\"\\"This is key to me in terms of equity, and it is absolutely part of the mission that our work force is as diverse as the city.\\"\""
"9991" "\"“Cancer patients will tell their doctors the two or three most important side effects and symptoms resulting from their cancer treatment, but then they will tell the nurse 15 other things that they didn’t want to bother the doctor with. Without a full report from the doctor and the patient, we can’t locate the best therapeutic targets.”\""
"9992" "\"Another time, he said, a corrections officer reported seeing Golden engaging in horseplay with an inmate. Lyons said he questioned Golden, who denied it. Lyons never talked to the inmate.\""
"9993" "\"The main lesson so far: Opponents and supporters should take this process seriously. So should state leaders and anyone else with a stake in the game.\""
"9994" "\"Jackson's home itself is filled with automotive art, including the original paintings used for the auction catalog covers.\""
"9995" "\"More-affluent Americans are more willing to stand pat, with just 43% of those earning more than $75,000 saying Bush plan isn't enough.\""
"9996" "\"Easy does it place setting\""
"9997" "\"In a recent statement by the Maryland Catholic Conference, the Catholic bishops of Maryland extolled the right of religious freedom (\\"U.S. Catholic bishops to meet in city this week,\\" Nov. 14). I couldn't agree more.\""
"9998" "\"\\"They both sang their faces off last night,\\" said \\"Idol\\" judge Randy Jackson.\""
"9999" "\"Justin Maxwell went 2 for 3 with two doubles, an RBI, a run scored and a walk in his fourth start for the Astros since being picked up off waivers from the New York Yankees on April 8.\""
"10000" "\"That's sad. She could have had the most surprising \\"Idol\\" comeback drive in history.\""
"10001" "\"The draft can be a time of celebration or disappointment for prospects. Harnish says he doesn’t want to set himself up for sorrow by waiting next to the TV.\""
"10002" "\"\\"It's great, like Friday Night Fights right here in Cleveland. I can't believe they don't advertise this stuff more.\\"\""
"10003" "\"x\""
"10004" "\"\\"guys be quiet I'm calling my mom!\\" person in background: \\"PASS THE WEED!\\"\""
"10005" "\"of course! :)\""
"10006" "\"Come on Rangers, score a goal. It's really fucking simple. Put the puck into the net and we'll go fucking mental! (tune: Yankee Doodle)\""
"10007" "\"Thanks so much for the comment. Glad you like the jewelry.\""
"10008" "\"Happy New Year!!! We hope 2012 brings you joy, good health and prosperity!\""
"10009" "\"So happy the new Fields record features lots of synths again.\""
"10010" "\"Wow.. Haven't been on here in a while\""
"10011" "\"Rangers rockin da house! One more to make the books.\""
"10012" "\"we will see about that\""
"10013" "\"Relationship between primary care and specialist will change the practice of medicine\""
"10014" "\"Word count goal for today? 1000. EXTRA CREDIT if I make it to 1500!\""
"10015" "\"and I fell behind. Now getting it together to have a website that is easier to update and navigate. Lots to update now\""
"10016" "\"Yes!!! RT :  RT : Thank you SO much for saving the St. Patty's Day parade!!! I love you!!\""
"10017" "\"The Crimson Armada AND August Burns Red new stuff today!!i think soo!!;D\""
"10018" "\"Have a nice Valentine's Day everyone, and don't forget, less than a week away from the best holiday for us history buffs, President's Day!\""
"10019" "\"This new iPad fire though...\""
"10020" "\"Watched \\"Anvil\\" last night. Nice guys finish last it seems, in this case. Always true?\""
"10021" "\"How is the crowd to start the 3rd period? They seem quiet on TV. Get that crowd going.\""
"10022" "\"Currently following 900 Bears fans. All of you are awesome!\""
"10023" "\"(I do. I think having multiple languages in my Twitter stream is cool, and usually they speak English too. But I'm curious whether you do.)\""
"10024" "\"no filming enjoy your weekend\""
"10025" "\"there's none of that in phx!\""
"10026" "\"No, UFT attempts damage control after agreeing to eval where ineffective score based on student tests trumps any other measure\""
"10027" "\"WOW WHY\""
"10028" "\"For fucks sake...\""
"10029" "\"Thanks! Well appreciated.\""
"10030" "\"Hello Tweeter, thank you for the follow. I look forward to learning many things from you in the venue of whatever thanks again.\""
"10031" "\"I am so confused.\""
"10032" "\"Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, and Marvin Williams a combined 0-of-9 from the field after nine minutes of action.\""
"10033" "\"Three people with fanny packs huddled around looking confused. Tourists or Librarians?\""
"10034" "\"Suggestions for Intermediate PHP/Javascript textbooks?\""
"10035" "\"Time to hit the sheets.. 💋\""
"10036" "\"visiting would like to see u, where can we find u and what hrs? Wanted to text, got new phone and don't have your digits :(\""
"10037" "\"Those with disabilities love God too, and should have a place in our churches. They need to learn & share too.\""
"10038" "\"Goodnight Twitter...\""
"10039" "\"Making me wish we could've found a dog sitter 4 dear, spoiled Elvis so we could have gone to Hawaii next week for 15th anniversary.\""
"10040" "\"Keep feedback coming on #KatyTrail crime. Thoughts on safety, response? Tweet, Facebook, Email me ().\""
"10041" "\"Oh for crying out loud. Boston is Olympic level at scapegoating and overreaction. I'm not worried. What'll be will be.\""
"10042" "\"DON'T SWING\""
"10043" "\"Yea for ! We have cooling.\""
"10044" "\"Yeah it's definitely not, but perhaps you're a good follow as well to complain about the Bucks with.\""
"10045" "\"Speedy recovery!\""
"10046" "\"Bars in baltimore may be staying open till 3am!!!\""
"10047" "\"So in baseball they slide on the tarp in the infield...Will all-star defender Matt Besler be practicing a few slide tackles????\""
"10048" "\"I wanna see Hickson & LMA on the court together.\""
"10049" "\"This is the first NCAA Tournament I've watched where there wasn't a single buzzer-beater.\""
"10050" "\"Good to know. I fell in love with a gorgeous rose breasted cockatoo, but way too $$$!!! How well does she communicate?\""
"10051" "\"Fuck a duck\""
"10052" "\"I see how it is, text me if you ever feel like young longer want to distance yourself from your wife or if you just wanna talk.\""
"10053" "\"Whoa, must be Burt Reynolds or something RT No word on who's throwing out first pitch but MLB has scheduled a 5-minute standing O\""
"10054" "\"that's so nice you give nurses a place to sleep!\""
"10055" "\"CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio Texas.\""
"10056" "\"thanks for trying.. :)\""
"10057" "\"I'd go with hideout. Sounds more sinister.\""
"10058" "\"Producer/Directors meeting today...There will be gold.\""
"10059" "\"what thing\""
"10060" "\"djekwks follow me\""
"10061" "\"Some pictures from Hawaii (Dec 2011) | travels and seaglass\""
"10062" "\"true lover of anything homegrown...#ChuckBrown in da changer the best &the beginnin of Go Go music..goin celebrate his homegoing!\""
"10063" "\"people either love or hate that one (I fell on love side) but if you don't like it so far, that might not change\""
"10064" "\"I know brutal!!!\""
"10065" "\"Why are people choosing now to talk about LeBron coming up big? This was a meh game by his standards.\""
"10066" "\"Rocking my ninja turtle sweater to work today for tacky sweater day. Even though I don't think it's tacky lol.\""
"10067" "\"lololol she lounges all over me!\""
"10068" "\"RT : yes i think the high speed straights w/ hard braking & passing zone surrounded by grand stands this will be an exciting track\""
"10069" "\"How bout I need a boothang;)\""
"10070" "\"I love you!!!\""
"10071" "\"Chronic complainers <<<<<< it's like dang. Can you stfu and take two seconds to see how blessed you really are?\""
"10072" "\"cool im 16. Im marie u?\""
"10073" "\"About to head to the Mountains\""
"10074" "\"I have a huge bulge in the back... I like to tuck it...\""
"10075" "\"What is going on? Went to a new store in IL and they were disorganized and unfriendly. Very disappointed.\""
"10076" "\"i cant wait to get my car window flag Happy new yaer to all SEA SHEPHERD GO FULL FORCE\""
"10077" "\"#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase u can't fuck no matter how many times I tried to teach u. You just failed!!!\""
"10078" "\"Wild Rice paired with butternut squash-a winning combination\""
"10079" "\"Wow now i am a total lover of lol <3 him !\""
"10080" "\"Great brain fuel. I had other plans, but now I've got pan-fried goodness on my mind. See you there!\""
"10081" "\"I have sent submission after submission this past week. I am gettin' tired easy. Does anybody got an easier way?\""
"10082" "\"Mike Brown is a bad coach.\""
"10083" "\"\\"my momma told me that, sometimes people have to cry out all their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles\\" - James Lucas Scott<3 OTH\""
"10084" "\"no, that was probably Jay-Z.\""
"10085" "\"Okay THANK GOD!!!!\""
"10086" "\"I am also writing a book I have finished chapter 1 and by Friday will have completed Chapter 2. A Childs Decision to Follow Christ.\""
"10087" "\"Sure would be cool to see Manning in blue!\""
"10088" "\"Plugging into house PA = less sweating carrying speakers for me!\""
"10089" "\"I hope they don't mind the comparison, but they have the vibe of a Southern Fallout Boy.\""
"10090" "\"doing well, cheers!\""
"10091" "\"yay!! Let's go out :D\""
"10092" "\"Just had the best burger ever\""
"10093" "\"Thought the filmmaking discussion went well, thank you to Keith for joining me and to Mrs. Scriven for asking us to participate!\""
"10094" "\"It's not just about X'ing on the web app. The story notice appears in all emails/contact my design students have through Lore.\""
"10095" "\"No CF option, that was just a rumor on REDUSER#\""
"10096" "\"finally lol\\": Can we skip the \\"getting to know each other\\" part and just get on with fuckin ???\\"\""
"10097" "\"I could watch an entire movie about Dr. Steve Brule\""
"10098" "\"$ I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga! $$$ And Five and a half hour twitter energy drink!!! Million dollars Mill more. YESS!\""
"10099" "\"If you try to talk to me about work shit, I will end you. I am at the motherfucking beach.\""
"10100" "\"Pay attention to your dreams, God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep. They keep saying your name ;) sweet dreams\""
"10101" "\"Why are the only two teams I care about (Jets, Broncos) the only two teams trying to have awful drafts and take on Tebow?\""
"10102" "\"Flushing the toilet! :D\""
"10103" "\"The best moments with friends are when you let things be and they are.\""
"10104" "\"I love my electric toothbrush, but sometimes I just have to break out the acoustic.\""
"10105" "\"Just got home nd my mom had corundas waiting for me (:\""
"10106" "\"Ah, but you can do a sh run all, to remind you of the glorius catOS days.\""
"10107" "\"Can u send me another link? I can't see it :(\""
"10108" "\"thank you!\""
"10109" "\"Tribe game and\""
"10110" "\":/ : people jus piss me off today\""
"10111" "\"“Readers have a loyalty that cannot be matched anywhere else in the creative arts.” ― Stephen King\""
"10112" "\"excited for Dance Moms Miami :)\""
"10113" "\"Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama :) She is beautiful and so strong <3 Thank you for all you've done for Justin, we love you! Turn To You <3\""
"10114" "\"Do you know how I can get the most recent percentages of foreign born nationals of different countries worldwide? Many thanks\""
"10115" "\"It would seem if one schedules a 3 hour meeting called \\"plan of the day\\" that the day has already been mostly planned.\""
"10116" "\"DrHumanities wants all students to remember that \\"the act of pronouncing [something] wrong's a form of caring.\\" (Robert Pirsig)\""
"10117" "\"Ok halfway through the Lego store line.\""
"10118" "\"You're sweet. Thx\""
"10119" "\"it certainly doesn't make you a bad person... hahaha\""
"10120" "\"We just launched our new line of really cute, eco-friendly, made in the USA apparel for women at StonerCouture.com. See you there. Neil\""
"10121" "\"Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU <33\""
"10122" "\"RT : Limbaugh just lost the one of his longest running advertisers, the online dating site NaziMingle.\""
"10123" "\"They are so cute. :) Haha\""
"10124" "\"A girl that works at Taco Bell just made my day, just by being cute.\""
"10125" "\"This Israel can do no wrong attitude had got to change in order for there to be real and lasting peace.\""
"10126" "\"Oh shit im done\""
"10127" "\"Happy Earth Day, everyone!\""
"10128" "\"Assembly concurs in SB 174, which closes the school voucher loophole created by the state budget, on a voice vote\""
"10129" "\"Looking outside my window...firetruck in front of San Diego city hall?\""
"10130" "\"Hey - Pudsey could host a better show than\""
"10131" "\"got that right\""
"10132" "\"I'm blastin Stevie this morning! The windows are open and the coffee is hot!\""
"10133" "\"No, tonight it's Pacers-Magic, then the Thunder-Mavs. Spurs play the Jazz at noon tommorow.\""
"10134" "\"uh yea!!!!! I love America's best dance crew. Someone better call me in when they r performing!\""
"10135" "\"Iconic boyz! :D there my fav.(:\""
"10136" "\"Well, it's *real* pumpkin, but from a can. :) I'll roast a pumpkin one of these days!\""
"10137" "\"Cumulus/L.A. made cuts, including KLOS PD/afternoon guy Bob Buchmann and market legend Jim Ladd, who'd been doing nights on KLOS.\""
"10138" "\"fck your heat >:)\""
"10139" "\"No more sex till marriage ! Or at least till I get in a bomb ass relationship\""
"10140" "\"I've learned one important lesson from my education: I know nothing, and never will.\""
"10141" "\"\\"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.\\" - Marilyn Vos Savant\""
"10142" "\"follow back? :)<3\""
"10143" "\"$175 a piece? holy shit, that's worse then a bcs game\""
"10144" "\"\\"Whatever happens, at least we’ll be together for infinity and beyond.\\"\""
"10145" "\"Agreed! RT : Dermot is better than Steve\""
"10146" "\"#NowPlaying \\"\\"Space Bound\\" -\""
"10147" "\"I sware if you did anything to it lmao! I liked the note in it too\""
"10148" "\"For some reason I want to watch finding nemo haha\""
"10149" "\"are elegantly inlaid in the Unique Titanium Rings\""
"10150" "\"Going to the US open final today. Let's go Nadal\""
"10151" "\"even though i'm beyond tired i'll stay on twitter and tweet you ;)\""
"10152" "\"The best part of my relationship is not only will I go to strip clubs, she will go with me, strip for me there and show them all up.\""
"10153" "\"how's the training coming along? Headed out for 10 here in NOLA. Highs upper 50s today. You got your snow shoes up there?\""
"10154" "\".408 OBP - .504 SLG - .912 OPS. Yea, probably a good idea not to play GIO everyday. For me, there is no reason to sit him.\""
"10155" "\"a few more weeks!\""
"10156" "\"You make me sick to my stomach. Literally\""
"10157" "\"I hope my house can be as nice as theirs some day...\""
"10158" "\"Love watching dances that are so good they give you chills.\""
"10159" "\"Don't worry. It has now started. You can safely ignore my tweets for the rest of the night. P.s. giants just scored\""
"10160" "\"where u from\""
"10161" "\"what the heck,they're like in a gov.t lab test experiment thing or something, wuuut.omg.\""
"10162" "\"I have alot of episodes recorded xD\""
"10163" "\"please teach Brock a lesson! Hes a total jerk! My 7 year old nephew is ur biggest fan and hes gonna be rooting for you tonight!\""
"10164" "\"I want my bellybutton pierced...\""
"10165" "\"Think I've discovered the problem. Facebook is blocking links to apps... not good!\""
"10166" "\"Now that it's time, I am calm as can be. So very happy! I cannot not wait to look him in the eyes and say I do!\""
"10167" "\"the #Packers have the best \\"Offense\\" I have ever seen n my life im 27 so thats a long time!! Fuck all #Packers haters yall lose and we win!!\""
"10168" "\"Bob Fellmeth, CAI Executive Director, begins press conference for release of “State Secrecy & Child Deaths in the US” report, 2nd ed.\""
"10169" "\"Stupid spinning rainbow..why must you show up then go away then as soon as a click again ur like \\"OH WAIT IM NOT DONE THINKING YET HOLD ON\\"\""
"10170" "\"you are one stylish lady!\""
"10171" "\"I buy Davidson's loose leaf tea in bulk (organic Oothu Green) on Amazon. There is a place on Jeff/Covington in Times Corners...\""
"10172" "\"A careless word may kindle strife, a cruel word may wreck a life, a timely word may level stress, a loving word may heal and bless!\""
"10173" "\"tomorrow I think\""
"10174" "\"#Askaquestion through chat on our homepage if you're having any problems or need help. We're online from 8-11 am and 6-9 pm.\""
"10175" "\"What about the reverse theory that if you lower working class's taxes, you can pay them less?\""
"10176" "\"I noticed your post and wanted to tell you that thegympro.com has great workouts that would be perfect for you. Check it out\""
"10177" "\"Sorry, just seeing this (no notifications?). I honestly don't know. We never make it past 1st round ;)\""
"10178" "\"Okay :) im just practicing\""
"10179" "\"I just need some longer earrings & I'm good\""
"10180" "\"William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right\""
"10181" "\"cant wait for the movie(:\""
"10182" "\"That may be... but You'll always be my beautiful princess. *:3*\""
"10183" "\"My English teacher look bad af today.\""
"10184" "\"Already got my Manchester and Leeds tickets! Can't wait!<3\""
"10185" "\"Nothing sweeter than eyeballing a 5px box and then measuring to find it exactly 5 pixels. Yep, been doing this 20 yrs - I need a life.\""
"10186" "\"that would be really pretty! and you can definitely pull it off!! YOLO\""
"10187" "\"Hello to all new followers - hope to see some (all?) of you at likemind Chicago on 5/15 at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!\""
"10188" "\"#unitedairlines Who has the time to unpack in the middle of baggage claim area and transfer to a rolling duffle bag you don't want?\""
"10189" "\"Come have some U-Swirl to cool you down!\""
"10190" "\"Warm weather + day drinking + day drinking = greatness.\""
"10191" "\"Pretty bored. comment the pics of something ill return\""
"10192" "\"At artful ink in bohemia getting a tattoo for a cure!! Come down to support cures for cancer\""
"10193" "\"Thanks for the #FF!\""
"10194" "\"gives great tours of the amazing Heurich Haus Museum, one of DC's hidden gems!\""
"10195" "\"How come Nicholas Payton's new album is in the jazz category on iTunes? I didn't think he played jazz? He a jazz musician now?\""
"10196" "\"Happy Full Moon!!\""
"10197" "\"\\"So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads.\\" - Dr. Seuss #Happy Birthday, Dr. Suess!\""
"10198" "\"Paul Bunion dunking on the Lakers\""
"10199" "\"Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy\""
"10200" "\"Thank u Thunderbirds & for havin me !\""
"10201" "\"LOL PLEASE HELP!!\""
"10202" "\"should have known you would back out! You are a punk and everyone thinks so that ain't on your payroll! Manny will kill you\""
"10203" "\"wait! What happened?\""
"10204" "\"At the ed Sheeran/snow patrol concert!\""
"10205" "\"I wish I could tell you how I really feel, I wish I could tell you, but that's not our deal \""
"10206" "\"Playing open mic at Murhpy's in Wrigley tonight...with an upright bassist in our line up for the first time!!! $$$$$$$$$$\""
"10207" "\"Had completely stalled on my book reading challenge, but resuming today!\""
"10208" "\"RT “: NFLPA has filed a grievance vs NFL challenging Commissioner Goodell's authority to suspend the four players he did.\\"\""
"10209" "\"Pretty sure Fister could've pitched a complete game and finished easily under 100 pitches. Stop pussifying pitchers.\""
"10210" "\"what's shaking bacon??\""
"10211" "\"Nothing says \\"good morning\\" like a dog coughing in your armpit.\""
"10212" "\"Tonight the Empire State Bdg will glow in pink/white to pay tribute to Evelyn Lauder, an inspiration and pioneer for breast cancer research.\""
"10213" "\"sweet. We rolled out 1 of 3 new features today. Visit reports. Delivered to your inbox each night all leads collected for day\""
"10214" "\"WEATHER BLOG: Thunderstorms? « CBS Baltimore\""
"10215" "\"I so, so appreciate the people of WeHo for keepin' that kettlebell class real :P\""
"10216" "\"Just made the Twitter account! Let's get started...\""
"10217" "\"That site is HILARIOUS!!!!\""
"10218" "\"#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the U.S.S. Monitor left NY for Ft. Monroe & an eventual clash with the C.S.S. Virginia.\""
"10219" "\"Just saw your movie, loved it. My 5 year old daughter loves you. When are you coming to sunny San Diego?\""
"10220" "\"Lala said to tell your sisters to call her\""
"10221" "\"Gary ellerson voice #Boom!!! K-Rod 2 lock it down\""
"10222" "\"we do have a TON to catch up on. miss you guys :)\""
"10223" "\"Sure hands this drive, bud.\""
"10224" "\"All the fun is in how you say a thing. -Robert Frost\""
"10225" "\"Eli on SNL...Peyton was better....\""
"10226" "\"keep it steady\""
"10227" "\"#jhudczoo Are there ever problems with visitors trying to steal the reptiles? (Not that I'd ever want one!)\""
"10228" "\"That sounds way too adorable...! RT Hope there is a puppy pit (like a ball pit but with puppies)\""
"10229" "\"oh somebody got in trouble!! Oh\""
"10230" "\"FF may make the school look ghetto, but idgaf as long she fails and it pisses her off lol hate her so much\""
"10231" "\"I AM AN ICONiac. I want that shirt..\""
"10232" "\"remember there is no dating black hole, or anything wrong with being single and dating\""
"10233" "\"caraschatz: HQ shares the pics a few weeks after the conference each year- they are free for DL. Check Connections/SLA Blog 4 notice ...\""
"10234" "\"The TBS announcers keep saying a potential game 5's start time is TBA. Is this true?\""
"10235" "\"I love 's tweets👍\""
"10236" "\"I want to be in Vegas watching the fights live with my wife, like Stephen Moyer and Anna Paquin. I love that happy family.\""
"10237" "\"nope. Just everyone who uses a QR code. I should submit one that was in someone's email sig.\""
"10238" "\"indeed. My favorite radio station dedicated Given to Fly to him tonight. I shed a tear.\""
"10239" "\"Hell of a pass Kobe!\""
"10240" "\"#packers defense is way too undisciplined. The presnap movement is hurting them more than confusing the off. Guys out of position at snap.\""
"10241" "\"I'm mad asL\""
"10242" "\"Just signed up for Paypal mobile on my android. Cool feature. Take a pic of your check & it gets deposited to your account!\""
"10243" "\"cnn ticker: bears lions and tigers loose. come on, you couldnt have ordered it lions tigers and bears (oh my)?\""
"10244" "\"Why are you not eating Classic Slice right now? Love yourself. Get some pizza! Bay View 238-2406 North Ave 270-1880\""
"10245" "\"#Drew this is my 2nd tweet. Keep singing. You can do it. & I will buy your albums & go to your concerts. You're amazing. <3\""
"10246" "\"I'm not Cyberbullying you. You said Dudley is hot, I thought it was funny, so I told u so. No need to get all dramatic.\""
"10247" "\"Their IPAs are a bit too bitter for me. and i usually like bitter.\""
"10248" "\"well isn't he just Johnny on the spot. Cool.\""
"10249" "\"#ThoughtsDuringSchool dang it, I should've gone to bed sooner 😔\""
"10250" "\"am awesome ,thanks :) so where do u come from? Am from New York\""
"10251" "\"Haa that's funny cuz I'm beating Weekend at Burnies And Jet Files through my Bose now getting lit looking for a fit\""
"10252" "\"Finally out of work. And I'm totally loving this weather! :)\""
"10253" "\"Happy Boxing Day!\""
"10254" "\"Drama will get you back, bitch.\""
"10255" "\"I can't wait you will definitely rock that stage like always :)\""
"10256" "\"I want to dock 555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555\""
"10257" "\"Mac Miller isnt hot. He just makes good music.\""
"10258" "\"Don't wake up in a roadside ditch\""
"10259" "\"My husband is assembling a changing table and I'm reading the new Eileen Myles.\""
"10260" "\"yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :-)\""
"10261" "\"Great. Now can you get my inflatable Scream in the next sale? Maybe share a catalog with a Monet Waterlilies umbrella?\""
"10262" "\"#17 :) We have never talked but I've watched some of your videos and your a great musician! :D\""
"10263" "\"Dear I hear you love ALEC, in that case you'll be happy to hear I shop at Love ME\""
"10264" "\"Resetting up mentally 4 my NY,This 2012b most Proserperous(Health, Finance, Personal Power!)4 me Ever!!Gettin my mind rite!:)\""
"10265" "\"Leslie Cochran, Austin's iconic and beloved homeless, political activist, cross dresser has passed away.\""
"10266" "\"Big shoes to fill after fair Mayor Berni. Debating whether to choose the next via Sword In The Stone style or Fitting Glass Slipper style...\""
"10267" "\"#FaveSongLines The mirror can lie, doesn't show you what's inside...its amazing what you can hide just by putting on a smile.\""
"10268" "\"Editing some band stuff on the Facebook and website later tonight.\""
"10269" "\"RT follow me back\""
"10270" "\"The way adam talks about me >>> lmfao this kid. <3\""
"10271" "\"Jakey comes home tomorrow!!\""
"10272" "\"RT Time to get this HW done... Grad school sucks//it'll pay off one day boo!!\""
"10273" "\"Welcome to Queens, NY where my LGA airport hotel happens to be a lesbian sports bar.\""
"10274" "\"My last day of high school>>>>>>\""
"10275" "\"google his name and Dan Le Batard haha ;)\""
"10276" "\"lol that was going to be my second guess!\""
"10277" "\"Talk To Fans? Please(:\""
"10278" "\"Smh it be about that time.\""
"10279" "\"Walking in the rain c:\""
"10280" "\"Liverpool's independent Liam Fogarty posts a lively Mayoral manifesto: Former BBC editor poses a serious challen..\""
"10281" "\"short days and long nights or long days and short nights? Or a nice even balance of the two?\""
"10282" "\"#HappyMothersDay to all the awesome moms out there!!!!!!!! Look at how beautiful it is outside!\""
"10283" "\"tell people to follow me I am gave a contest with my friend\""
"10284" "\"Noo She Said You Called Her An Idiot And A Brat And A Badspeller And Other Thingz\""
"10285" "\"Happy Tuesday!!! It is a GREAT day here at AvantGarb!!!\""
"10286" "\"Send me like 100 words about Guetta. You got my email right?\""
"10287" "\"have to think the news of seau's passing is just the tip of the iceberg in this story with some of the revelations already coming out...\""
"10288" "\"Oh my...its finally Friday!!!\""
"10289" "\">_< IS YOU HOME\""
"10290" "\"Lee Fields and the Expressions in Houston tonight, y'all. Can't miss. See ya at\""
"10291" "\"Saw an advanced screening of the tonight in Baltimore. Loved as our city's master of the macabre, Edgar Allan Poe!\""
"10292" "\"YES\\": Kirko bangs fine ass\\"\""
"10293" "\"Can't wait to get dressed up tonight\""
"10294" "\"Learned today that most toddlers dont like jalapenos, but mine does\""
"10295" "\"Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all.\""
"10296" "\"MT\\": Visit local radio station : #WeActOpenHouse during\""
"10297" "\"Welcome to town, sir....\""
"10298" "\"Happy Christmas! <3 HP\""
"10299" "\"Doing something constructive for Oscar Grant!\""
"10300" "\"A lot of people...but it doesn't matter. I want you there.\""
"10301" "\"Dang I'm bored!!! WELP listening to nicki Minaj always get me hyper\""
"10302" "\"Today is my birthday. FUCK THAT. Hahaha that movie is the shit Man!\""
"10303" "\"Current topic at #pubcampwest - Why aren't our orgs more OF the community, instead of having to \\"visit\\" them as outsiders? esp. in\""
"10304" "\"Adele x lex Luger mix going hard right now. Ha\""
"10305" "\"We're getting a lot of rain in Austin. Hopefully it's enough to bust the drought that we've been in for so long.\""
"10306" "\"Statistics I will conquer you!!!\""
"10307" "\"a geologist drinking from a water fountain? Thought you would know better!\""
"10308" "\"I fElt so bad for Keisha smh\""
"10309" "\"RT \\"I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek\\"\""
"10310" "\"The most successful brand positioning statements are simple to understand and repeated year after year after year.\""
"10311" "\"Pregnant/breastfeeding women should eat fish, but avoid the fish with high levels of mercury: Tilefish, Shark, Swordfish and King Mackerel\""
"10312" "\"the dang sunspot got lost behind the curtains. screwing up scraps. luckily there is another sunspot on the other side of the room. saved!\""
"10313" "\"Josh Hutcherson is not in DC yet STAY TUNED\""
"10314" "\"Audacious Idea from Barbara Samuels of : If kids count, why not get them out of harm’s way?\""
"10315" "\"I wish I was where at....gettin moneyy!!!\""
"10316" "\"T-Plush, if you have time sign a ball & give to Eddie for fantasy camp. RT Speaking of , he's signing autographs now!\""
"10317" "\"Peyton you will win an award someday i know you will. I will always love you Pey! Remember that okay?\""
"10318" "\"will keep you in mind 4 speaking referrals in the future.\""
"10319" "\"That moment when u are about to go asleep and realize you forgot to set your alarm an then get caught up on twitter for another hour...\""
"10320" "\"I love a girl that has pretty panties and greasy lips..\""
"10321" "\"Did you know that for the longest time I thought LOL meant \\"Lots of Love.\\" Naturally, I was frightened.\""
"10322" "\"hello all nighter\""
"10323" "\"sup big bro\""
"10324" "\"is getting ready to go work on the set today with some fabulous actors and an amazing crew! woo-hoo!\""
"10325" "\"do you follow you should look at their time line. Something in their pertaining to you.\""
"10326" "\"follow me please?? (:\""
"10327" "\"#YouSmellLikeDinner, let's try this again.\""
"10328" "\"on my way to my last chorus concert! this senior year really has gone by fast!\""
"10329" "\"Many biz brands e.g. Kodak which are part of our lives are going away because they're no longer creative says at\""
"10330" "\"mic check...mic check....is this thing on? I just wanna get ur attention, please!\""
"10331" "\"“: We're watching Grease and Lanes having a dance party. Somebody stop her.” I can just totally picture it right now.\""
"10332" "\"A4: Ppl are looking 4 the added benefits on SM rather than buying a regular priced ticket like everyone else.\""
"10333" "\"Bet u wish u played the #hand u were dealt \\"SCARED\\" But instead u thru all cards in. U had all aces (to bad) I'm playin all \\"Duces\\". #peace!\""
"10334" "\"dont hate. I'm not a fan, but dont be a hater!\""
"10335" "\"Google Analytics Social Reports Get Backlink URLs, Post Titles\""
"10336" "\"well dem is mines den.. better wrap them johns up\""
"10337" "\"Getting ready and looking forward to catching up with Harrison Magun over lunch.\""
"10338" "\"Let me look into that.\""
"10339" "\"You are welcome. Best of luck in your PR career.\""
"10340" "\"In gran manzana for for meetings today and tonight, staying on UWS this time, cena esta noche--rancho cafe on amsterdam. back to DC tomorrow\""
"10341" "\"ERROR CITY up in this game\""
"10342" "\"ODOT cam...Accident clear from the Powell Blvd. exit from I-205 NB...\""
"10343" "\"I'll blame it on being hungover then.\""
"10344" "\"Not at all . RT : Why do I keep seeing the name boosie on my TL.... Is he really that important??\""
"10345" "\"So good!\""
"10346" "\"Surfer boys are dope!\""
"10347" "\"either way, that little bitch had it coming to him\""
"10348" "\"I leave on Monday :) 6 days!!\""
"10349" "\"of course...we will be open as long as we need to be...but at least until 3 am\""
"10350" "\"It's chili weather! Anybody got a favorite recipe they'd like to share?\""
"10351" "\"here's to the kalin and myles fans who have been here since the very first day. 💜\""
"10352" "\"Note to self: Never order the salmon burger. Stick with the crab cakes or reg burger.\""
"10353" "\"A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favor over silver and gold. Proverbs 22:1\""
"10354" "\"today has been the first day i finally rested since the cruise!\""
"10355" "\"Decided to wait until now to begin travel to #stallis. Waiting for traffic to die down, FTW!\""
"10356" "\"You betcha! :) RT Alright West Coast: 2-hours of #glee starts now! Are you watching?\""
"10357" "\"bro...baby girl in the red dress on ur new promo is showin' out haha\""
"10358" "\"#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA Gen. Leonidas Polk evacuated Meridian, Mississippi, leaving the town open to Sherman's army.\""
"10359" "\"I'm still pumping out our top deals, blog posts, and contest info on (our new account). Follow\""
"10360" "\"hell yeah\""
"10361" "\"He doesnt think so, but in visiting him anyways\""
"10362" "\"Midnight birthday wish goes out to !!! Heard did some karaoke. Can't go wrong! Enjoy.\""
"10363" "\"Ha right. We can swing by & pick it up. We could really use it back actually.\""
"10364" "\"the best time to find work is when you are working. It keeps you from feeling the dip that comes from too much thinking\""
"10365" "\"S/O to he needs 1,000 FOLLOWERS BY TONIGHT!! FOLLOW HIM FOR A S/O!!!! Message when you FOLLOW!!!\""
"10366" "\"Thank you for the shout out :)\""
"10367" "\"i dont think you need make up\""
"10368" "\"don't I won't have no one to talk to bout Cody and I don't have Costs number So yeh how Will I talk to y'all o wait I have ur #\""
"10369" "\"lmfao too late im already dying it red wooop\""
"10370" "\"Novak is not THAT good! Come on now, he's no Jesus Shuttlesworth\""
"10371" "\"im going to make it my mission to talk to her next semester\""
"10372" "\"has made my morning! Thanks, sweetie! <3 (:\""
"10373" "\"yea thats why we got Obama\""
"10374" "\"A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.\""
"10375" "\"Many Americans worried that their social security checks will be delayed. Are you worried? Let us know. www.newsplex.com\""
"10376" "\"And theres the first commercial for Euro 2012 and I'm overly giddy for that to start!!!\""
"10377" "\"oh my goodness. i look so short next to in that picture.\""
"10378" "\"Im A Part -Time Female Swim Team Coach .\""
"10379" "\"The wrath of brothers is fierce and devilish.\""
"10380" "\"AAAAAHHHHH!!!!! This day pretty much sucked.\""
"10381" "\"My head hurt bad, headache really sockin me!! :(\""
"10382" "\"Wad ya win?!\""
"10383" "\"Israeli producer Sam Feuer will be talking his new movie The First Grader tonight 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM\""
"10384" "\"People un-followed by Austin , your chance will come .\""
"10385" "\"Jacky Has My iPod She Literally Controls My Entire Internet Social Life Right Now(:\""
"10386" "\"Oh that's ones going on Facebook and ima tag him ^.^ No BUENO ANEL THAT'S MEAN ^.^ FALL IN A hole\""
"10387" "\"I'd use \\"unlikely\\" but I've been told I'm a master of understatement, which is a little hyperbolic.\""
"10388" "\"letz get it\""
"10389" "\"Duff Man, hooking up Ginsy in his time of need, supporting a budding alcoholic!\""
"10390" "\"Johnson: TimeMap project leader to discuss past and potential future roles of social & location-based systems in teaching and research.\""
"10391" "\"21 more days till i have my baby boy...\""
"10392" "\"My 4 year old son has a CHD.\""
"10393" "\"I sleep better during the day than at night\""
"10394" "\"R.I.P to my baby brother Ruben Darryl Poindexter. Gone but never 4gotten. Love u always\""
"10395" "\"Oh work you never surprise me .. Guy that said \\"oh where to you workout, your so fit\\" it's not working I don't want your old ass\""
"10396" "\"follow for follow? x\""
"10397" "\"i luvvv u;)\""
"10398" "\"G+ circle idea was great for sharing content with specific groups and could control who could view your content.\""
"10399" "\"Santorum and Romney... just wasting bandwidth and sapping our energy.\""
"10400" "\"Just heard Charlotte alumni present how the Fellowship helped to integrate transit & community development plans\""
"10401" "\"Sexy Celebrity Legs: Guess Who! (PHOTOS) Check out those gorgeous gams! Think you know which celebrity boarded a private jet Thursday to\""
"10402" "\"#aigadc's newest Board of Directors member. WOOP!\""
"10403" "\"* i must of been outta my mind\""
"10404" "\"don't! I like that show too. Looking forward to watching on\""
"10405" "\"Stall 2 is down! I repeat stall 2 is down! The toilet seat has been torn off! Stall 2 is down!!!\""
"10406" "\"Hey , great idea to post your CIF link\""
"10407" "\"is my greatest source of entertainment on Twitter!\""
"10408" "\"Warm front stalled out so we won't feel the warmer temps until tomorrow. Temps in lower 40's with clouds and drizzle.\""
"10409" "\"Bo of course!\""
"10410" "\"ET WAS REAL\""
"10411" "\"I really think the Kings could win it all if the continue like this.\""
"10412" "\"In GOP debate, current US Senator DeMint just said that \\"the President and Congress\\" overspend. Does he realize that he's *in* Congress?\""
"10413" "\"I still get most of my museum news at lunch. Museum professionals love to gossip, hate to document. Slowly that is changing.\""
"10414" "\"aww! it sucks! one of my friends is moving also!\""
"10415" "\"thank you. Work in progress. I go back for the rest of the sleeve in June\""
"10416" "\"need and r&b singer hit me up let me know\""
"10417" "\"We are a gypsy company, performing around Pgh. However, some of our favorite places to perform are in the #Cultural District\""
"10418" "\"If you're everything you say you are could you come close & hold my heart </3\""
"10419" "\"awesome! Have you ever blogged about Life Insurance?\""
"10420" "\"ya because she didn't say \\"I'm Elena?\\"\""
"10421" "\"no time to argue! I'm very busy & important so I'm unable to spend my days studying my klout score like or\""
"10422" "\"thanks for the RT! Hope to see you today!\""
"10423" "\"FOLLOW MY PERSONAL - (:\""
"10424" "\"really?! I like both! For some reason I just get major butterflies when guys call me babe, whether I like them or not.\""
"10425" "\"Porsche Mongolian Push Shows Chinese Wealth Heading West\""
"10426" "\"Wait so how is only an hour and a half to evansville for you but i live in louisville and it's 2? lol\""
"10427" "\"Have you told someone about If All Else Fails Productions today?!\""
"10428" "\"my thoughts may change later on, im only half way through\""
"10429" "\"K, now that the UWO baseball games are canceled today, here's the plan: I'm gonna sit in my room and listen to the Gin Blossoms all day.\""
"10430" "\"Need another older women to talk too\""
"10431" "\"I love\""
"10432" "\"Make it 31!\""
"10433" "\"sorry! it was an accident, I love your tweets.... followed back (: <3\""
"10434" "\"Ugh, I wish the mail would get here already so I can watch the new Twilight I netflixed\""
"10435" "\"thanks for the reminder...submitted Justuno!\""
"10436" "\"Just want you to be smarter, Bode!\""
"10437" "\"Please send our congrats!! So happy to have her! RT My daughter has been accepted! Transferring from UK this fall.\""
"10438" "\"Tuesday Tasting tonight at - Chardonnay Challenge! Starts at 7:30 pm. $20 per person.\""
"10439" "\"Emily's 15s with Dayana & Melissa :*\""
"10440" "\"I am stumped when I comes to setting up my website...again...so excuse it for the moment....\""
"10441" "\"Happy Bday bro!\""
"10442" "\"Wise words, Seb. Wise words.\""
"10443" "\"this shit dead\""
"10444" "\"Great album.\""
"10445" "\"Is social media sharing the same as learning? Sometimes, not always? I think sharing deepens understanding + memory.\""
"10446" "\"Trying to convince friends to hit up Nature Research Center grand opening in Raleigh 2night. Because I am 9. And an undercover scientist.\""
"10447" "\"Thursday, Dec 8th at Smoke Jazz Club in NYC.\""
"10448" "\"Totally thrown off by the clientele of Lee's tonight. The 40-somethings are bawdy and unruly and the 20-somethings are chill and composed...\""
"10449" "\"decisions decisions!\""
"10450" "\"You can take a man out of the Ghetto, but you can't take the Ghetto out of the man\""
"10451" "\"Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!\""
"10452" "\"I'm inlove with you.\""
"10453" "\"There's been talk of Moodle here, but there aren't plans to change anytime soon. I'm curious of other's experiences, though.\""
"10454" "\"Best #broadway autocorrects of 2011 RT : My phone just autocorrected \\"he's\\" to \\"h2s\\" ....wow.\""
"10455" "\"#Mexico :D\""
"10456" "\"Son. this is my dad's old jean jacket from back in the day. I been had this. I showed u when u were at my house.\""
"10457" "\"Hello Tina. I haven't talked much, I've been sick. whine whine whine. Hopefully they will find the prob. Car looks good hun\""
"10458" "\"Getting ready to eat a late breakfast.Got out and enjoyed the AMAZING weather when we took the daughter to her workshop!Enjoy the day guys!\""
"10459" "\"That orientation was so over whelming :/ but at least i got to see all the clubs.\""
"10460" "\"ugh i'm totally \\"never drinking again\\"\""
"10461" "\"sure, it was a \\"friend.\\" i believe you.\""
"10462" "\"Lord Grant Me The Power To Accept The Things I Can't Change\""
"10463" "\"Looking forward to taking part in the Hornets \\"Thank You\\" event from 11:30-1pm at Lafayette Square today! Hope to see you there!\""
"10464" "\"I need more guy friends. Girls cause so much drama. -_-\""
"10465" "\"probably i tied her to a table so i could run away from her\""
"10466" "\"I am a graphic designer by day (trumpeter by night & weekend).\""
"10467" "\"duh! Freedom unifies people. Winning Dems is how Reagan won\""
"10468" "\"#85 | Because we cannot always go to sleep like others. Our minds are working on the ...\""
"10469" "\"winner winner chicken burrito dinner haha\""
"10470" "\"that's either really hot or really disgusting.\""
"10471" "\"Rocking some 's been one hell of a fight!\""
"10472" "\"This is exactly why I stopped using Spotify. The ad volume level was always off, deafening me and/or coworkers\""
"10473" "\"Wow, stay safe Troy.\""
"10474" "\"Make sure you check out the creepy zombie clown baby profile pic. No more egg...just for you!\""
"10475" "\"u rock dont quit being awsome\""
"10476" "\"PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you.\""
"10477" "\"i fucking love so much im gonna bake him all the cookies in the world hahahah\""
"10478" "\"Intentionally confusing my guy is a guilty pleasure. It's okay, he knows. Haha!\""
"10479" "\"you sing a crappy song on KISS FM Can I get a RT??\""
"10480" "\"Nothing like being stuck in a parking garage!\""
"10481" "\"People need to chill the fuck out w/ Terry Francona. Do u not recall how he won two World Series after 86 fackin yeeeahs kid?!\""
"10482" "\"I Remember being a little kid watching the sabotage vid on MTV and jammin out and rappin along with the beastie boys.\""
"10483" "\"Hope you're making enough for all 4,267 of us!\""
"10484" "\"Live for something rather than die for nothing ~ George Patton\""
"10485" "\"haha isn't that true! That's why I'm looking for more locals that actually have a sense of humor. ^jl\""
"10486" "\"The neighbors dog is so sad..howling like something from a horror movie. I keep poking my head out onto the balcony trying to console him :(\""
"10487" "\"hey what's up it's chris Hawkins\""
"10488" "\"@ the crime scene lol\""
"10489" "\"Live and Learn\""
"10490" "\"Is anyone planning a party/retrospective for 50th Anniversary of Shepard's 1961 launch - 1st American in space?\""
"10491" "\"Most of us just friendly orbiters “:column on #nvgop nuttiness, but first had to block some followers from the Planet Paul.\""
"10492" "\"I can't cope with how much I fancy luke brooks and skip from #thejanoskians omg\""
"10493" "\"Always thanking God and appreciate the things he did for me.\""
"10494" "\"Don't follow basketball but love 'just Lin Baby'. Great line.\""
"10495" "\"You can apply for, shop for and arrange delivery for furniture online, without setting foot in a store. Just ask us how!...\""
"10496" "\"celebrating #ConstitutionDay in classes today.\""
"10497" "\"\\"Picking just one athlete doesn't work. You need athletes that span across multiple sports to have an impact.\\" Tony Pace (SUBWAY)\""
"10498" "\"awww that's so sweet :) like really really sweet!\""
"10499" "\"65\\" high-def? I'm afraid....VERY afraid.\""
"10500" "\"Well, I finished watching The Tudors on Netflix. Wow. What a great series! They should do one about Queen Elizabeth now!\""
"10501" "\"don't get kidnaped... Yeah right feel sorry for person who tries that lol\""
"10502" "\"I just quick pwned my iPhone! I'm loving qik!!!n\""
"10503" "\"My last rant: I saw the new \\"We Are The World\\" was going to be a disgrace 2 bars into it when Justin Bieber starts the song off.\""
"10504" "\"It was given to me last Wednesday oops\""
"10505" "\"“: Summer nights, Everybody's feelin' sexy. #RascalFlatts”\""
"10506" "\"what, he's not going to hit .420 all year? Chad Billingsley's going to give up a run?\""
"10507" "\"No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x\""
"10508" "\"ditto ;D its gonna be #cray. but forreal..... we're all gonna be knocked out asap cause we'll be tired from Kennywood lmfao\""
"10509" "\"teaching this AM about missions... what is your mission in life?\""
"10510" "\"that sounds amazing! we have over a foot of snow and it is suppose to keep going until thursday at 8pm but, it's fun in 4x4!!!\""
"10511" "\"yes, I wore my puffy shirt today. By the way, did you watch Golf Channel as sleep aid?\""
"10512" "\"Do you want SVG to stay? Hedo: \\"Of course. [...] I would love to play for him until I retire. \\"\""
"10513" "\"you would make my day if u tweeted me :)\""
"10514" "\"We just got a few dates booked with The Higher in December! We will post the dates very soon!\""
"10515" "\"Great win this morning.\""
"10516" "\"#SJSharks Clowe will score first...from the bench!\""
"10517" "\"Goodnight work in the am\""
"10518" "\"RT : When the flight attendant asked for my final destination, I answered \\"greatness\\".\""
"10519" "\"If you plan to vote for the guy who says he's going I shut DC down, that HAS been said -- by !!\""
"10520" "\"Preview Day! Preview Day! Happy to host so many prospective students and families on campus today! YAY Preview Day!\""
"10521" "\"If... I actually get up that early haa\""
"10522" "\"I'm gay for Brandon.\""
"10523" "\"I have to work :(. Have fun!!\""
"10524" "\"I'd give anything for #oomf to be right across from me right now...\""
"10525" "\"RT : This weekend's concerts include a pre-concert talk about the music & composers one hour prior to curtain.\""
"10526" "\"that would be great man...we have two shows on the 14th and then we're free the rest of the week\""
"10527" "\"Post-show midnight Taco Bell run? Yes please\""
"10528" "\"It is, thanks man. Hope all's well with you. :)\""
"10529" "\"Happy National Hug a News Anchor Day!\""
"10530" "\"Oh no way, Jose! I'll turn right back around...NEED music to keep my feet movin'\""
"10531" "\"Wearing a tucked-in shirt for like the 3rd time in years\""
"10532" "\"u should be use 2 it lol\""
"10533" "\"TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.\""
"10534" "\"Necessary Roughness won. I'll be playing Hot Girl. I've been practicing for this all my life. LoL!\""
"10535" "\"We have tons of classes through out the week!! DO WORK SON!\""
"10536" "\"People on these shows are ridiculously interesting. How is this possible?\""
"10537" "\"lmao let's play real base ball\""
"10538" "\"Ha yes amongst the millions of mentions she gets a second but crazier things have happened\""
"10539" "\"is dancing around in her new 5\\" Michael Kors orange ostrich wedges w/ the cat Stella to Jason Derulo/Breathing = Sarsinlove\""
"10540" "\"Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog - it's easy\""
"10541" "\"www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame revisited\""
"10542" "\"I did - thanks for the coverage!\""
"10543" "\"hangout with me this weekend\""
"10544" "\"hahaha probably many morning after pills bought in myrtle beach because of you.\""
"10545" "\"Great start\""
"10546" "\"Got in the mail today. Gonna watch it tomorrow but not sure I'll be able to get a review done before TFW.\""
"10547" "\"That moment when you realize you haven't tweeted in a week and are like \\"I had NOTHING to say for a week?! But I'm such a mouthy douche!\\"\""
"10548" "\"A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.\""
"10549" "\"more about our individual quirks or something.\""
"10550" "\"Calling it a night 😱\""
"10551" "\"i want that in my face.\""
"10552" "\"nurse joy, chef joy, merch girl joy, nigga joy, but no mama joy. okay... okay...\""
"10553" "\"I deleted all my numbers,,, need new ones,,,\""
"10554" "\"what are YOU counting down till? Lok\""
"10555" "\"Tampa bay and atlanta\""
"10556" "\"- the existence of animals and plants are not artificially created & are believed to be the work of God.\""
"10557" "\"Chicken in the box.\""
"10558" "\"Who's online RT\""
"10559" "\"Going going....\""
"10560" "\"Ready to burn one who's down\""
"10561" "\"Exactly. Very sad.\""
"10562" "\"the best was the \\"has fleury regained his composure\\" \\"no\\"\""
"10563" "\"Standoff in Edina over. Mpls Police decide to leave the man alone in his home. \\"He hasn't broken laws,\\" says police. \\"We'll leave him alone\\"\""
"10564" "\"in what way?\""
"10565" "\"If I could split myself into two people so everyone could be happy I would.\""
"10566" "\"hope to see u in Atlanta at the Fanfest June 4th/5th for vid promos/Q&A w/Fink, YRG w/ DDP/Kim+the appearances for pic/autos!\""
"10567" "\"RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Austin is my inspiration, because he tought me how to live out my dream :)\""
"10568" "\"happy bay🍰\""
"10569" "\"Thought for the week: All librarians want to do is give you free stuff. Free information, free eBooks, free internet access, free cake pans.\""
"10570" "\"Enjoyed meeting you today, and you're not the least bit scary! :-)\""
"10571" "\"What is the point of twitter if I can search for all the people who I know on here? Seems pointless. :-/\""
"10572" "\"Who's ready for the summer? WE ARE.\""
"10573" "\"I'm a vengeful bitch and y'all better know it!\""
"10574" "\"Got plans next Saturday evening November 5th????\""
"10575" "\"This grant writing thing is just not happening at the moment. I'm totally frustrated. I hate being alone all day, trying to think/work/write\""
"10576" "\"You need to start tweeting! Take a picture of your favorite turret and share it :)\""
"10577" "\"You need to be ready to act quickly with social media. Allow PR to drive key messages.\""
"10578" "\"Very cool cloud pic. I see airplane shapes (I see airplane shapes in everything).\""
"10579" "\"DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater.\""
"10580" "\"like i said to Nassy over there, i deactivated hotmail.. #outmypawsnow but love you both big much..\""
"10581" "\"Grad school is fine. This semester seemed so long. I'm just finishing up the required courses before I dive into the fun stuff\""
"10582" "\"Call us now to schedule your very own custom frame appointment. Look and feel great this Summer with a pair of Tom Davies frames\""
"10583" "\"Word. “: \\"Sending out your first book is like sending your child out into traffic on the freeway\\" -”\""
"10584" "\"luve you need to hit me up bout pimping out your boys page\""
"10585" "\"#FF & Happy New Year to some #HyattFamily:\""
"10586" "\"Why am I still awake? Gotta wake up in 5 hours!!!\""
"10587" "\"I dunno, your just unlucky I guess.\""
"10588" "\"Thank you for including me!\""
"10589" "\"follow me please ou god\""
"10590" "\"The Chicago Jazz Guitar Summit with Mike Allemana, Jeff Parker and Bobby Broom swung and rocked the packed Blue Note in Poznan, Poland!\""
"10591" "\"Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue\""
"10592" "\"thanks for the mention on the #Burma series\""
"10593" "\"Main/Home first\""
"10594" "\"Absinthe, Absinthe!\""
"10595" "\"\\"Not only amazed & entertained, but more alive & less lonely.\\" Jonathan Lethem's powerful reaction to Thomas Berger's writing, in NYT.\""
"10596" "\"I ain't here for a long time, but I'm here for a good time.\""
"10597" "\"#IndieMusic MP3: Gap Dream – “58th St. Fingers”\""
"10598" "\"Agreed-->RT : Social media must be meaningful!\""
"10599" "\"Council marks World Autism Day with STEPS student art show 4:30-6:30 in City Hall.\""
"10600" "\"Taxes submitted. BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend. Yay.\""
"10601" "\"you look beautiful!!\""
"10602" "\"where are you at right now? lol idk anywhere\""
"10603" "\"I hear theres going to be a few good car ads during the Super Bowl.\""
"10604" "\"Uh oh #EBUS118. Not looking good for tonight. Early poor defense hurting now. One more inning... let's go.\""
"10605" "\"A General Authority said \\"Google it\\". Love it!\""
"10606" "\"BOOKED a Geico spot shooting tonite. Looking forward to working with The Caveman!\""
"10607" "\"I see what you mean - single-spaced looks a little dense.\""
"10608" "\"Does twitter benefit you in anyway, shape or form?\""
"10609" "\"Hey you have a really great mobile interface for your collections!\""
"10610" "\"Where is #marc 511?\""
"10611" "\"if you aint got no liquor or weed tf we talm bout ? , o_O .\""
"10612" "\"how gay is it that i havent been to the beach all summer? yeah, happy freaking labor day everyone.\""
"10613" "\"Can we make it to 500 followers today? If we do we'll pick 1 lucky follower to win $10 in driving credit. RT and follow by 3pm to enter!\""
"10614" "\"Congrats on your engagement Michelle, we hope you give us a try for your registry!\""
"10615" "\"well well well hello you ^^\""
"10616" "\"will do the next time I'm in Madrid. Love your city!\""
"10617" "\"Poor - still needs an Avatar. Any ideas? Any artists out there want to send us one? We're graphics-challenged. :=(\""
"10618" "\"I am cheating on you.\""
"10619" "\"Can Twitter really be useful in academia? II'll be listening in today #TwSIG - Tweet this SIG!\""
"10620" "\"Last night's game between the lakers and heats...what an incredible shot by Kobe..\""
"10621" "\"I posted the link on the last tweet, did it not work? I can post again.\""
"10622" "\"Finally getting to finish watching the first live episode of then hopefully the results show.\""
"10623" "\"The sky's been teasing like a school girl. GIVE US RAIN!\""
"10624" "\"Whoever said \\"It's all in the journey\\" never had to deal with Penn Station.\""
"10625" "\"Nothing says classy like a PBR Tall Boy! Cheers!\""
"10626" "\"Overhead bins in #Airplanes are getting bigger. #United & #Delta are now upgrading bins to hold more\""
"10627" "\"My Chemical Romance for me. Who's your favorite band?\""
"10628" "\"We changed our page picture in honor of our Ghost Walk tomorrow. Dr. Helene Knabe MD at the Chilling Chatham Lockerbie Ghost Walk!\""
"10629" "\"Media interviewers repeatedly neglect to interview those kids most affected by daytime #curfews. Homeschool & Alternative are most impacted.\""
"10630" "\"I really need dat Rosetta stone. Spanish class is a beast Lmao. Who know Spanish?\""
"10631" "\"Woah that was weird and scary I see a tweet about Justin and then one less lonely girl starts playing...\""
"10632" "\"Happy Easter Everyone! Hope y'all have a great day!\""
"10633" "\"It shows the mentality of these thieves, they have filmed & announced where they are going to steal from & it's ended up on the news!.\""
"10634" "\"rock climbing with my cousins :)\""
"10635" "\"any suggestions for someone who is interested in becoming a machinima director?\""
"10636" "\"is just about the only person that can ask me questions.\""
"10637" "\"#Scandal season finale!\""
"10638" "\"Just came across a business calendar item that promotes an event as having, ahem, \\"unusual family activities.\\"\""
"10639" "\"Starbucks to open on Disney properties\""
"10640" "\"\\"The more we give love, the greater our capacity to do so.\\" Dr. David Hawkins\""
"10641" "\"Fun fun fun fun at one of the last surviving Friendly's restaurants w my sisters\""
"10642" "\"This was a move i would have liked to see Roenicke make on Monday with estrada.\""
"10643" "\"Thank You:D! You're lucky you're outta high school (x\""
"10644" "\"the weather and my almost good hair day forgot to communicate this morning. come on guys.\""
"10645" "\"Act 2. Let's do this. #birdiegang or die\""
"10646" "\"Wishing I could help my mother. I'll get her out of this slump one day\""
"10647" "\"You can find work w/o exp. in Asia and Latin America. You could also volunteer at home or do an internship.\""
"10648" "\"God it's you I love you You're so beautiful you're so happy you made the perfect end to jasmin\""
"10649" "\"I hope so.\""
"10650" "\"#BOYFRIENDvideo in 3 days. I'm beyond excited.\""
"10651" "\"The whole concept of earphones sir is so I won't have to speak to anyone the bus including you.\""
"10652" "\"I look beautiful in this tux\""
"10653" "\"Late night walks and frosty runs with my sisters are more important that final essays any night #neverwantoleavebtown \""
"10654" "\"We tried Sinless #Margarita mix yesterday and it was out of this world! Only 5 calories per serving-ALL #NATURAL !\""
"10655" "\"Thanks for the tip. I ended up watching a youtube video and using a DIY repair kit from the auto parts store.\""
"10656" "\"It's Miller Time!\""
"10657" "\"thanks! I like the ;) in your tweet!\""
"10658" "\"well its been nice here to weird for wisconsin I guess\""
"10659" "\"It was good seeing today!!!!\""
"10660" "\"Rest In Peace.... Linda Bernice Henderson.... with much Love my thoughts an prayers are with u bro.\""
"10661" "\"QOTD from a patron regarding ID photos: \\"You think you look like hell until you get the next one.\\"\""
"10662" "\"RT : The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. ~ Cicero\""
"10663" "\"do you think yu can do me a small favor o:P\""
"10664" "\"well there's one positive thing from that, no school tomorrow\""
"10665" "\"Last day to get our #cops #tshirt for $16.95! Our newest #tee (released tomorrow) is freakin' #awesome! Check out TuesdayTees.com!\""
"10666" "\"Don't mind me over here... Just quoting business and booking it.\""
"10667" "\"www.kingoffitteds.com New Rochester Red Wings Fitteds in Custom Colors.....\""
"10668" "\"I think y'all look alike\""
"10669" "\"I Am Already A Fan, I've Been Following You Ever Since My Manager Told Me About You... Lol...\""
"10670" "\"“: Moment of silence, honorary 10-count for Bert Sugar. We'll miss him. #boxing”\""
"10671" "\"A Theme of Their Own #drupalfilms \\"There's no crying in Drupal\\"\""
"10672" "\"Hello, LA. You're the same as I remember.\""
"10673" "\"Asked a researcher in #microbiology what #bigdata means in his field: 2-20GB. #reallybigdata means 20TB+. !!!!!\""
"10674" "\"My movie moment was when I was a kid watching E.T. with my parents at the movie theater.Ahh great memories.\""
"10675" "\"and I are getting excited for #NVSA. UMD-CP and cherry blossoms, here we come.\""
"10676" "\"up to the chase group. They have to decide to race for first not second. Sky have the numbers to do it\""
"10677" "\"I hear you. Obscene. Now if that money was going to his DAD for a new movie...\""
"10678" "\"Nice to see you at the Bloggers Lounge\""
"10679" "\"The ‘Gator’s strong point is a luxurious interior with ample space for passengers in all three rows\""
"10680" "\"everytime I see a colossal bug on FB (everyday), I think \\"write crap code and profit on the backs of suckers, er, users\\"\""
"10681" "\"me too\""
"10682" "\"so happy you found us! we are in san fran too if you make it out west often!\""
"10683" "\"Thanks for the follow! Following you back on #FF!\""
"10684" "\"I knew it! that didn't last long at all..\""
"10685" "\"Love Whitney Houston. But can we just stop with the I Will Always Love You references. It's a Dolly Parton song!! (love Whitney's version)\""
"10686" "\"I love how my mom calls me all the way downstairs to ask me to get her a blanket???\""
"10687" "\"Glad to hear it! :D\""
"10688" "\"Everybody go follow\""
"10689" "\"why we gotta be insecure and FAGGOTS though???\""
"10690" "\"Follow me plz bro~ K thxs :)\""
"10691" "\"Never count on making a good sale. Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good results-Warren Buffett\""
"10692" "\"kind of, I stay further south\""
"10693" "\"Just watched Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas. Maybe we should rethink the 19th Amendment.\""
"10694" "\"I can't help it you're always on my timeline!\""
"10695" "\"But I'll keep dreaming\""
"10696" "\"Just got a new H-D motorcycle helmet and about to go riding with hubby. Live free, ride hard.\""
"10697" "\"\\"is there any love\\" came on @ the bar in Chicago\""
"10698" "\"Thanks for following me.\""
"10699" "\"One more thing, read my fucking emails. Thanks.\""
"10700" "\"Spending time with my princess >\""
"10701" "\"OMG yes okay we will make this work. yes.\""
"10702" "\"FML! Why did I go into arts admin?!\""
"10703" "\"Bring some marshmallows to the show sat because red devil lounge is gonna BURN\""
"10704" "\"I like the giants in this one...\""
"10705" "\"Anyone know if Benkovitz is open Christmas Eve? No hours on their website, and no luck with either phone #. Help!\""
"10706" "\"He want me ta call him ; unmmmm\""
"10707" "\"Morning world\""
"10708" "\"so tried yawn yawn ...\""
"10709" "\"After several stops we're on our last stop now getting some to go breakfast at Jollibee then go straight home!😊👌\""
"10710" "\"FIU making us sweat it out here!\""
"10711" "\"*Looming over your both* Yes, Ms. Stroop, I am.\""
"10712" "\"I keep tryin2splain that veganism's logical endpoint is testtubemeat,more petroleum&GMO based crops&end of organic but...sigh\""
"10713" "\"then gtfo of it -.-\""
"10714" "\"I know that showing emotion don't ever mean I'm a pussy .\""
"10715" "\"Matt Goukas on the Orlando broadcast \\" Jodie Meeks is the worst defender in the league\\" Ex coach\""
"10716" "\"That's the spirit! RT : I am determined to put Batesville, Indiana on the map for Innovation, start ups and technology!\""
"10717" "\"No, though we're a membership-based organizations that has dues.these all go toward events, tho\""
"10718" "\"I'm doing good :)\""
"10719" "\"blerg glad my whining was justified. luckily was there to buy me bandages and neosporin.\""
"10720" "\"I'm waiting for the call\""
"10721" "\"Welcome to twitter! :)\""
"10722" "\"LETS,GO MIZZOU WE WINNING IT ALL\""
"10723" "\"Made my mom a #HappyMothersDay late Breakfest. It took me an hour and a half to make pancakes cause I have skill.\""
"10724" "\"Patriots have a stable of good backs...could lead the NFL in rushing as a team\""
"10725" "\"#S/O TO MY BRO LADYS GO FOLLOW HIM HE'S LIGHT SKIN LOL BT ITS #TEAMDARKSKIN LOL\""
"10726" "\"What I supposedly did wrong idk.. All I kno is that I'm reaping the \\"rewards\\"\""
"10727" "\"The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.\""
"10728" "\"I thought CeCe was about to start the pentecostal version of \\"Yes!\\" They would have had to carry a few folks out ....\""
"10729" "\"I miss you more😢 was thinking about you this morning!\""
"10730" "\"I'm really glad you had a great trip, and I'm glad I was able to be a good hostess/tour guide. You're welcome back anytime!\""
"10731" "\"From the dog's point of view, his master is an elongated and abnormally cunning dog. ~Mabel Louise Robinson\""
"10732" "\"lol. no. i'm at home.\""
"10733" "\"you poor thing...\""
"10734" "\"hi who is your favorite we superstar\""
"10735" "\"d'oh! Go figure, it'd be one of the 6 days out of the year when it's not hot and sunny there!\""
"10736" "\"THE BEST HAS YET TO COME\""
"10737" "\"Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.\""
"10738" "\"What I dream of is an art of balance.\""
"10739" "\"Best book Eva!! Ten mile river by Paul griffin must read book\""
"10740" "\"Now onto the weekend with a clear mind and more love for my family!\""
"10741" "\"Pet town til I fall asleep\""
"10742" "\"The Fall 2011 CLO Symposium is less than 3 weeks away! What sessions/speakers are you looking forward to most?\""
"10743" "\"That's cool!\""
"10744" "\"Haha... RT : Data ruins the ad magic, don draper would be so sad\""
"10745" "\"Todays quote \\"I'll believe a corporation is a person, when Texas kills one.\\" John Bonifaz \\"Free Speech for People\\" Repeal Citizens United\""
"10746" "\"i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!\""
"10747" "\"I'm serious I'm just to lazy to go anywhere right now.... Aw you suck -__- lol\""
"10748" "\"hi coco!i love the show you and ice are soo cute together!;)\""
"10749" "\"I'm thinking it's a steak and potatoes kind of night :)\""
"10750" "\"The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Treat yourself GOOD!!! You deserve it!\""
"10751" "\"I need a haircut! I gotta come over for one!\""
"10752" "\"Witnesses: you \\"win\\" a deposition with ur BRAIN, not your mouth. So shut up and learn how to listen/think.\""
"10753" "\"1/2 Off bottles of wine and sake this Monday and every other Monday\""
"10754" "\"In addition, it will take millions out of a low-interest savings account and then it over to police & fire in all 18 cities # SAFE\""
"10755" "\"not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]\""
"10756" "\"Wish my sister a happy birthday!! Love you aly!!\""
"10757" "\"Well played Monica lol\""
"10758" "\"\\"When you're weak,I'll be strong. When you let go,I'll hold on.Just take my hand together we can do it.I'm going to love you through it.\\"<3\""
"10759" "\"I don't trust my mom driving on the freeway\""
"10760" "\"I think we can hit our renewable energy targets by harnessing hot air coming from GOP Congressmen. Problem solved!\""
"10761" "\"during DRIVE TIME, switched lanes on Irving Park. like a boss.\""
"10762" "\"you can never go wrong with great BBQ!\""
"10763" "\"has never been a better time to convert paper documents to safe, secure electronic files. And we've just slashed prices to make it better\""
"10764" "\"it's a wide open sky.\""
"10765" "\"I see TO is stating he is broke and friendless. Hey TO walk to your local library and google \\"Karma\\"\""
"10766" "\"#truth RT I don't care how cold and grey winter can be.. I'd be so unbalanced without it.\""
"10767" "\": My mug is going to have vampire fangs!\""
"10768" "\"We're working on that Paul...Do you have a connection in the USA who can send you some for now?\""
"10769" "\"I really need a vacation... So tired\""
"10770" "\"Drop us a line at\""
"10771" "\"Got my phone sorted out. It was letting me see her profile like it was mine but not letting me tweet from it. #itsallgood :) I fixed it.\""
"10772" "\"Thanks for mentioning the book! The small but passionate crew here at Aquila Polonica Publishing is pretty proud of it!\""
"10773" "\"Want some more #WhenAustin's or #Imagines? I've never done imagines for Austin before. lol. :)\""
"10774" "\":) can't wait hun\""
"10775" "\"lmao put a bra on! Cause that ain't right!\""
"10776" "\"thanx, miss talking to my Serena :(\""
"10777" "\"Glazed ceramic tile provide an easy-to-clean decorative medium for kitchen and bathroom floors and walls.\""
"10778" "\"wow, #blackbaud buys #convio to form a monster non-profit team. Interested to see the implications of costs, clients, services, capabilities\""
"10779" "\"Genesis Medcial Center - Illini Campus () has named Dr. Peter J. Metcalf VP of Medical Staff Affairs.\""
"10780" "\"Another Top Pick: 10/31 Sweeney Todd Shave-Off to benefit Movember. Free live music/discounted eats! RT Plz\""
"10781" "\"I saw you more as the Construction Worker myself.\""
"10782" "\"LOL! They ran out of Hienies hot sauce -- people went #apeshit!\""
"10783" "\"Okay, the plus about today is that I am DONE editing chapters one and two (err for now anyways.) tomorrow is chapter three starts!\""
"10784" "\"Half of US College Grads Under- or Unemployed - The Mark\""
"10785" "\"Whats the difference between a MUM and a MOM! Happy Mother's Day UK MUM'S!\""
"10786" "\"Patience young Jedi. Wrapping takes skill and strength.\""
"10787" "\"you can't afford school, go work at mc d's? allowing only people who can pay upfront in the door...\""
"10788" "\"Been a great day! I feel like I got a good amount accomplished. Yard work, laundry, chess, biking, etc... Off to bed.\""
"10789" "\"Aw, come on. Never? It's fun!\""
"10790" "\"going the 18th leaving the 20th\""
"10791" "\"What is the funniest sports related story you can think of? We want to hear it!\""
"10792" "\"♥♥♥ Happy Valentine's Day to all ♥♥♥ \\"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.\\"\""
"10793" "\"One of the greatest moments of my life. Well, that and when I once called a Paul Bako home run.\""
"10794" "\"Yeah, i learned at track today im not a fast runner...\""
"10795" "\"1 Peter 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer...\""
"10796" "\"Happy Muh-fckin New year... Make it a good one!\""
"10797" "\"it was just a dream. Nobody like Pete Campbell that much.\""
"10798" "\"#justinbieber go on that fan site that says justinbiebersfansite.blogsite\""
"10799" "\"oh, that's a wonderful area! go to dolce vita and all the places around that area on duval!\""
"10800" "\"Just found an old #acappella album. Sweet\""
"10801" "\"Yup, It does feel great to wake up with a W in Canada. Congrats! Now on to Portlandia. Please WIN meow meow meow\""
"10802" "\"Do not fear mistakes - there are none. Miles Davis\""
"10803" "\"Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price sushi, beer and wine!\""
"10804" "\"RT : It would be so cool to eat lunch with u! // Aw, thanks.\""
"10805" "\"What I will enjoy watching in Saints vs Lions is see how the Lions literally figure out how to lose. Will be fun\""
"10806" "\"Fell off the workout train - need to get back on...\""
"10807" "\"HOME RUN! PAPI!\""
"10808" "\"big up fa da follow woty!\""
"10809" "\"You guys in DC?\""
"10810" "\"Oh my gosh! If you've got a migraine, you should probably go home. They're completely intolerable for me. :*( Feel better.\""
"10811" "\"BURGER TIME! Come grab our \\"Scampi\\" Shrimp burger or a burger with smoked salmon!\""
"10812" "\"Bob Probert RIP - the best enforcer ever!\""
"10813" "\"I now know the way to San Jose.\""
"10814" "\"Or complain that someone stole their shit...\""
"10815" "\"it's better that way more for me, lol\""
"10816" "\"brian roberts taking bp in KC... go b rob\""
"10817" "\"my mom is getting so caught up in the novela. omg\""
"10818" "\"i heard someone call #Facebook Fakebook and they were in the \\"younger\\" generation so does that mean.. it has truly jumped the shark?\""
"10819" "\"YES thank you!! :-) “: #NowPlaying \\"You Get Me\\" Download available on iTunes. Great stuff,,check him out.”\""
"10820" "\"f you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen\""
"10821" "\"A Walk To Remember #favoritemovie <33\""
"10822" "\"Today I learned that motivation can come and increase while doing the task.\""
"10823" "\"we get to think of life as an inexhaustible well\""
"10824" "\"Good Morning an Happy #Monday!\""
"10825" "\"!!ugh its so bord aint num to du!!!but get high have sex n party dnt ppl gt tired of tht!!\""
"10826" "\"Heyy youu! Yeahh you reading this goo follow noww! She follows back. Soo, follow her!(:\""
"10827" "\"Dear girls (or guys) in yoga: please no more short shorts.\""
"10828" "\"So proud of myself :)\""
"10829" "\"If you are quiet you can hear the sound of money vaporizing as stock market tanks. I don't make predictions only follow the tape\""
"10830" "\"Thanks for the info!\""
"10831" "\"At the peoples choice awards with Chloe ;D\""
"10832" "\"When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure\""
"10833" "\"My $.02 is that the #SOPA web efforts was equal to 25 yrs ago if all 3 netwrks news anchors told their audiences to call Congress\""
"10834" "\"Tan lines from track are the worst! Im thinkin' beach this weekend!(:\""
"10835" "\"Holiday trains are totally gross. People still work today!!\""
"10836" "\"Tired & worn out & my nights not even done yet lol How are you?\""
"10837" "\"Lunch time... Baja Salad anyone?\""
"10838" "\"so many people love me somebody got to hate me\""
"10839" "\"Haha! RT : Woo hoo!! Adopt me! RT : A2. Family size Frozen Margarita. Hey, I travel w. 5 kids!\""
"10840" "\"It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business\""
"10841" "\"If you could build anything in the world- what would that tool look like and what would it do?\""
"10842" "\"do you want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella\""
"10843" "\"ChaChi I love your dancing And I'm amazed at how old you are I thought you were like 18 XD All I'm saying is I LOVE YOU<3!!!\""
"10844" "\"Cena killed it, well done.\""
"10845" "\"She's looking right at you. So much for sneaking the shot.\""
"10846" "\"Looking forward to heading over to #KBIS later this AM. Many thanks again to for the pass!\""
"10847" "\"What are some of the dangers in email chain letters? Or are they harmless fun?\""
"10848" "\"humboldt county has really had an effect on you, huh?\""
"10849" "\"I live in the power of now my actions now will determine my future\""
"10850" "\"we're settled in with some after dinner lattes...\""
"10851" "\"Absence of a labor movement is one of the driving forces of inequality in the United States - Vincent Mosco\""
"10852" "\"will u follow me\""
"10853" "\"I'd never seen an Ethiopian restaurant with a drive through before. The containers must look like giant pizza boxes.\""
"10854" "\"if hell freezes over before MN, I'm gonna be pissed.\""
"10855" "\"Although it may not be for everyone, some think going for a run on a first date is the greatest idea since sliced bread. More » Post fro\""
"10856" "\"Out of $550 NLH. Down to 1/3 of entrants. No action on my big hands and coolered in other spots.\""
"10857" "\"Where are you working?\""
"10858" "\"When you realize your relationship ain't shit now, but everyone has told you before <\""
"10859" "\"The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 1 week. Don’t miss it! This is a performance you won’t soon forget.\""
"10860" "\"Today wasn't as good as I thought it would be\""
"10861" "\"Wow UGA actually looks like a good team...\""
"10862" "\"Lmaooo You Childish` ... they Must Finna Put You On The Fox??\""
"10863" "\"Shout Out to....... Go follow her she is amazingg!<3\""
"10864" "\"Just got a text from my wife stating that she's hanging out at the Nada Surf sound check. Meanwhile, I'm home with 3 kids. How do I feel?\""
"10865" "\"You're awful\""
"10866" "\"one large uhaul trailer, an F250, and a car full of clothes...\""
"10867" "\"I got your back bro! Will be cheering!\""
"10868" "\"WOW, just found out that the new season of \\"X Factor\\" won't start until September...\""
"10869" "\"nah you txt me foo\""
"10870" "\"Greg Baldwin: We didn't know why NOT to build a #nonprofit that wouldn't be dependent on philanthropy forever\""
"10871" "\"When people don't believe a word you say even when you're telling the complete truth <\""
"10872" "\"I really wanna watch Battleship. :c\""
"10873" "\"In the tri-city area (VA Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake), there are only 389 foreclosures - This represents less than 7% of total properties...\""
"10874" "\"Just implying that all we can tell from SA is what killed them\""
"10875" "\"Chelsea you really had to win this match, now it's almost impossible to get up to top 4, you need to win Sunday FA cup, and must on 19th.\""
"10876" "\"Im hungry so Hurry!\""
"10877" "\"Did you just see the way Kuper's foot was turned?!\""
"10878" "\"Thanks for coming out and joining us for Damsels! We've still got room at Rocky Horror tonight. Or join us June 2nd for next one\""
"10879" "\"After a series of leaked prototypes, it's almost a given that Apple Inc. will unveil a new version of the iPhone on Monday.\""
"10880" "\"Can someone please help me get one more follower? Im almost to 380.:D Just one more please? (: ♥\""
"10881" "\"Google music becomes \\"Google Play\\".. call it what you want it's still my music service of choice. if you = android, get acquainted.\""
"10882" "\"Damn, got some kind of headache. Must of been something I ate last night\""
"10883" "\"HAHAAH and that's how I feel about math. AP what?\""
"10884" "\"there their, dont get too worked up now. ;)\""
"10885" "\"Awesome! Thank you so much!\""
"10886" "\"Holy blurry photo batman!\""
"10887" "\"Thanks for the Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to our conversations :-)\""
"10888" "\"Thank you honey bunches : ) love you too! RT S/o to .Happy Birthday Sissy love you (:\""
"10889" "\"Okay, how about a blocked freshman program with iPads integrated? Apply to get in, keep the iPad. Discuss.\""
"10890" "\"I need the number of a customer service agent I can speak to right now on the weekend. Do not give me your corporate number.\""
"10891" "\"love you man.. Was hammered last night lol\""
"10892" "\"I use Indian Remy hair lashes. They make a huge diff in the overall look.\""
"10893" "\"RT : I wish Bristol could find me a real family instead of these 2 awful dads I'm with. Maybe parents like her & Levi if I'm lucky!\""
"10894" "\"The haunted house is great, but the Forsworn quest's ending was pretty amazing for its scale - at least for an RPG\""
"10895" "\"Thanks, love! :D\""
"10896" "\"No records at City Outdoor meet yet but sun came out and rain is gone. Will be a cool night. Last year it was in the 80s and humid.\""
"10897" "\"ta-ta-totally jealous\""
"10898" "\"YAY such perfect timing! Happy Birthday!\""
"10899" "\"If I Had A Gun, I wouldn't use it because I'm MacGruber!\""
"10900" "\"IS NOT THAT BABY DADDY\""
"10901" "\"thanks :). Well talk later ;)\""
"10902" "\"Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20. Nice work, RCRD!! Excellent bout thus far\""
"10903" "\"Me and Day was cool\""
"10904" "\"The following are excerpts from employee evaluation forms: This person is not really so much of a has-been, but more definitely a won't-be.\""
"10905" "\"It's freezing in the office. I am going to take after Mr. Rogers and have an office sweater and slippers.\""
"10906" "\"Have you tried ? If so please tweet/ YELP us and let us know what you think!\""
"10907" "\"That show is the worst, even Maggie Smith's hammy Edith Evans impressions can't maket watchable\""
"10908" "\"Up at 6am with only two hours of sleep, making a valiant attempt at returning to Corporate America today.\""
"10909" "\"u mean my money lol\""
"10910" "\"right now i'll say noon, but i'll keep you posted :)\""
"10911" "\"Dont be Envious of another man's Success, Learn from that man and make your own success!\""
"10912" "\"That awkward moment when you accidently touch someone's ass.\""
"10913" "\"Ah! I miss you! Thanks for the #LoveTweet :)\""
"10914" "\"I don't wanna go to school tomorrow.It's been pretty stupid.\""
"10915" "\"lm fine Thanks :) Also very tired.!! <3\""
"10916" "\"I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)\""
"10917" "\"There it is!!\""
"10918" "\"What year was the album “Come Fly With Me” released?\""
"10919" "\"Appreciate you including me. Thanks.\""
"10920" "\"Smack her on the ass and bounce that ass bitch\""
"10921" "\"Just holding down the fort in studyhall with\""
"10922" "\"\\": good morning sweetheart I hope u have an amazingly blessed and exciting day. I love you too. <3 :)\\"\""
"10923" "\"The Corbomite Maneuver is far from perfect or even great, but as a pure distillation of #StarTrek it's hard to top. 1/2\""
"10924" "\"cleaning is going well... 1 load to Goodwill & now to recycle empty propane & CO2 canisters... yes, we are getting ready to move again\""
"10925" "\"Had a fab time tonight! Thanks for a fun evening. Cantina. Beckons. Us.\""
"10926" "\"I was just listening to She Will Be Loved and I'm crying. It's such an old song. Like, 3rd grade old. :')\""
"10927" "\"this is insane\""
"10928" "\"We are open from noon to midnight! Stay tuned for today’s deal….\""
"10929" "\"MY NIGGA .....THE GAME CAME OUT\""
"10930" "\"Greg Robinson: Education does not begin & end when the bell rings.\""
"10931" "\"this moring my chest was hurting .. now its not :)\""
"10932" "\"We've been here before under slightly diff circumstances. Innovation and technology will always change the way we work. - Rio\""
"10933" "\"me too IM LIKE SHIT BRO . That's like 100 essays fuck hahahah\""
"10934" "\"Love that is not madness is not love\""
"10935" "\"\\"Oh yeah ooh aah. That's how it always starts. But, then later, there's running and then ..... screaming.\\" - Ian Malcolm. Lost World.\""
"10936" "\"good ass movie doe ;D\""
"10937" "\"Just finished making chopped liver. I feel like an 80 year old Lithuanian woman. Come to think of it, I kinda smell like one, too.\""
"10938" "\"Well, the Bucs are third in the NL Central.\""
"10939" "\"\\"Live simply that others might simply live\\" EA Seton. RT : Morning!\""
"10940" "\"Can you come to the event tonight? #GGHH tonight! 's! see you soon!\""
"10941" "\"yep! Packing today. Can't believe it's already here\""
"10942" "\"We open at 4:30 w/ a great cask of Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour.\""
"10943" "\"For those of you who love to spin that old hi-fi disc at home... well, the vinyl version of \\"Black Rabbit\\" is on it's way. ~peace\""
"10944" "\"just got home from my workout ,now about to get in the shower and put on some clothes. \""
"10945" "\"you're so nice! I would have just said, \\"You snooze, you lose, SUCKA!\\" Tee Hee! I'm actually really nice. ;)\""
"10946" "\"Well I was I just pissed about a little bit too much\""
"10947" "\"Come on over to Barleys Bar on 15th. and Cuming. Grab a #beer and a #cws T from your old friend Piv.\""
"10948" "\"there is still space left in the current class!! where did you hear it was full???\""
"10949" "\"It's a great night for pasta...all-you-can-eat pasta $6.99 tonight :)\""
"10950" "\"Watching #TheAvengers. Review to follow.\""
"10951" "\"Am chillin relaxing halla at me thanks\""
"10952" "\"yeah the first version was messed up. it's fixed now.\""
"10953" "\"No problem ! Followed ! :D\""
"10954" "\"Like If You Shower..... How Desperate Are You For Likes You Attention Whore!!! Go Crawl In A Ditch And Die!!!\""
"10955" "\"I am doing phone screens with the game on. I have warned each one that I may all of a sudden curse out loud.\""
"10956" "\"I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga.\""
"10957" "\"thanks for the RT. Looking forward to seeing you at\""
"10958" "\"#5 - and thanks for the call.\""
"10959" "\"calm down there Drake\""
"10960" "\"She has my vote - - iTunes style. LOVE the originality of her voice.\""
"10961" "\"What is your favorite music genre(s)?\""
"10962" "\"Nice! RT 5th largest crowd in Carrier Dome history for this game vs. Louisville!\""
"10963" "\"now I have to relearn the whole dating thing.\""
"10964" "\"The dental hygienist made it feel like she was trying to scrap by teeth off\""
"10965" "\": WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE! Expectation: PARTAYYYY!! Reality:Peeing with the door open.\""
"10966" "\"thanks a bunch for the MCN tweets from all of us who didn't get to go! Much appreciated!\""
"10967" "\"Yikes! I'll be thinking of you.\""
"10968" "\"Red Room: Broad Ripple => DJ Papa Paulie Dance music. Doors open at 6 p.m. Food served until 10 p.m. - 3 a.m.\""
"10969" "\"I'm so pissed now.\""
"10970" "\"love you to!! <3\""
"10971" "\"Chillin in world fair park with\""
"10972" "\"Convo w/my 3 year old in car: Me: Let me help u w/seat belt. Her: Girls don't need help Me: Sometimes they do. Her: Nope ...20 min later\""
"10973" "\"So I'm addicted to sleep, its my drug, my bed is my dealer, & my alarm clock is the police\""
"10974" "\"Listen To Birdman And Mack Maine And Lil Boosie Song The Fam.M.P.\""
"10975" "\"Joey Votto just hit a walkoff grand slam for his third hr of the game?!?!\""
"10976" "\"Am ithe only one who jus eats the marshmallows out of the lucky charms ? o.O\""
"10977" "\"Hi Joe! We sent you a message about the release of \\"Pluto\\" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!\""
"10978" "\"Thanks, Steph! We REALLY appreciate all your support.\""
"10979" "\"I can't stand when ppl act obsessed\""
"10980" "\"Some guys use the words ''i love you'' way too much -____-\""
"10981" "\"well thank you Tony! Congrats again on your 'Days' role!!!! :) You're going to be quite busy, I'm sure! :)\""
"10982" "\"What's worse the officiating or chris webber?\""
"10983" "\"wow, amazing, amazing photos. Worth the trip...\""
"10984" "\"....has some very exciting news to share! Stay tuned! #greater!\""
"10985" "\"omg, they broke facebook, so i had to come here to find out why i cant log in\""
"10986" "\"I missed the beginning of the game. How many blocks does Anthony Davis' unibrow have?\""
"10987" "\"Incorrect #IntorvertsOnSocial RT : Everyone on Twitter is an extrovert.\""
"10988" "\"Chris Rock has jumped the shark. It's all over for him. He has #DaddyDayCare syndrome also known as\""
"10989" "\"im having a bad day..it would really make me happy if you replied back or followed me! you are my vINSPIRATION\""
"10990" "\"'06 Los Carneros #syrah. So good. Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!\""
"10991" "\"Crazy how many zinesters are now either librarians or women's studies professors. Or maybe not so crazy.\""
"10992" "\"WOW. Really cool -- Memorial Hermann hospital is LIVE tweeting a brain surgery this morning. Follow it at\""
"10993" "\"To reduce our vote down to one issue plays into the hands of those who want to take the vote away all together. Stop being manipulated\""
"10994" "\"RT if you think it's sick that City Atty Goldsmith wants to publicly name victim of cop sexual assault instead of letting her be anonymous.\""
"10995" "\"I love eating champagne grapes...they're like fruity caviar\""
"10996" "\"#YouCuteAndAllBut you think too highly of yourself.\""
"10997" "\"That Lil Girl From JABAWAKEE'S CAN D A N C E :D :)ILYShawty<3\""
"10998" "\"your music helped me get through the shitfest of finals! But it also helped me gain this wicked hangover! Ha!\""
"10999" "\"yup I'm watching it to! 😄\""
"11000" "\"joe I am loving this article. Thanks for sharing :)\""
"11001" "\"I wish that hissing had succeeded booing as the standard vocalization of disapproval\""
"11002" "\"I didn't know they still existed\""
"11003" "\"#FF Ted Thompson beat me in a contest and is really, really, really good.\""
"11004" "\"�Each of us has heaven and hell in him...� ? Oscar Wilde\""
"11005" "\"Did u tell him??\""
"11006" "\"Thanks Andrew!\""
"11007" "\"If this isn't the perfect day for Peach Mango tea, I don't know what is...\""
"11008" "\"Got it-- I had an old email saying you guys might be interested in TV too. I'm a big fan of Tosh.0, keep up the good work!\""
"11009" "\"I can see the Sideways comparison too, which is strange b/c I think FSM & Sideways are very different\""
"11010" "\"We should all make it our icon for the game tomorrow x)\""
"11011" "\"Are you a parking ticket? Because you look cheap and i should've avoided you but i'm too lazy\""
"11012" "\"The ref didn't see the freakin goal in front of him!\""
"11013" "\"So rooting for Christine!!!\""
"11014" "\"Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, $50, and a screwdriver. Awesome.\""
"11015" "\"Yo Rain is mad packed tonight we getting it in in las Vegas tonight!!!!!!!!!!\""
"11016" "\"The Political Hurricane is putting FL HD30 from being a toss up to slightly Democratic.\""
"11017" "\"Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. Romans 12:12\""
"11018" "\"One word...High\""
"11019" "\"Have fun! (I'll be attending this con vicariously through you this year, you realize, so tweet well, and tweet often.)\""
"11020" "\"THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT SOUTHWEST HIGH SCHOOL THIS FRIDAY MORNING!! SO BE READY YALL!!\""
"11021" "\"Freese Frame...see you in Game 7. WOW\""
"11022" "\"Fun to look at, and funner to eat!!!\""
"11023" "\"LOL what's a girl have to do to get a little link time? I'm heading to langdon farms now. Good luck. Maybe next time!!!\""
"11024" "\"feel the fourth flow through you\""
"11025" "\"with the girls on tap for a fabulous sunny evening in MN! #Irish_Moxie here I come!\""
"11026" "\"Everybody please get new album 11-1-11 It is amazing!!\""
"11027" "\"I just love too much!\""
"11028" "\"#BestMemoryof2011 getting 2 meet twice :) and hugging him 4 times :)))\""
"11029" "\"i dont like when fans do that.Yeah i get it that your jealous,but u dont need to hate just bcuz u r.They still love you too\""
"11030" "\"Hahaha jk, I have no sorrows :)\""
"11031" "\"I will check out the DC on Friday\""
"11032" "\"Touchdown Meetinghouse scores it's 3rd NFL player wedding this year New Superbowl betting criteria. Team with the most Meetinghouse Weddings\""
"11033" "\"My eyes are killen me\""
"11034" "\"people block me yet i haven't done anything to them....WTF?\""
"11035" "\"I am officially on da #Jermy Lin band wagon.\""
"11036" "\"Make sure you report for his campaign #spam on twitter today\""
"11037" "\"pretty good I can't complain, wbu? College life get any better?\""
"11038" "\"I've got a Ping EYE2 sand and pitching wedge in great shape with serial numbers registering made in 1988 -- conforming.\""
"11039" "\"Haha, that'd be me right now. Ha.\""
"11040" "\"Happy Friday !!!\""
"11041" "\"ART Station | “2012 Children&#39;s Summer Performance Series”\""
"11042" "\"Spring is around the corner. Get smoother, glowing skintastic skin with our customized Dermaroller or Dot laser. Experience the difference.\""
"11043" "\"Heavens, who turned all the bright lights on?!!!\""
"11044" "\"Shen Te impressive...terrific numbers...set recalls cubist painter Braque - SD Reader. The Good Person of Szechwen through May 3\""
"11045" "\"lol i was waiting for your reply ! i knew you'd be all up on this tweet\""
"11046" "\"Collins is a Packer HoF'er, right?\""
"11047" "\"Yes ma'am and thank you I forgot to give u a happy bday how was it? “: I love your avi !!! Did u get a new do?!”\""
"11048" "\"anything I can do I'm here to help! Good Luck!!\""
"11049" "\"Thanks for the #FF, !\""
"11050" "\"Curtis Martin is not a hall of famer...\""
"11051" "\"In less than an hour, I am leaving to see ! FINALLY!\""
"11052" "\"I want a Panini\""
"11053" "\"no sir, it's not.\""
"11054" "\"WHAT THE FUCK!!!!\""
"11055" "\"I'M GONNA LIVE MAH LIIIIFEEE, NO MATTER WHAT, WE PARTY TONIIIIIGHTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!\""
"11056" "\"i feel you. just hit my phone if youre trying to link up.you maybe trying to go to a sports bar tonight for the lakers game?\""
"11057" "\"Who's ready for our giveaway? Stay tuned, we will be giving away a Family Four pack within the hour\""
"11058" "\"lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol\""
"11059" "\"the time when you typed something up but then didnt end up sending it\""
"11060" "\"HA. its okay karo your just indenile at the moment evvverrry guy wants to be Alex\""
"11061" "\"A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it. (via )\""
"11062" "\"Tomorrow is FIRST FRIDAY!\""
"11063" "\"RT if you love victoria justice\""
"11064" "\"TNX! RT : Cooler than polar bear toe nails:\""
"11065" "\"WE ASSEMBLY IKEA FURNITURE IN LESS THAN 3 HOURS. NO MATTER WHAT YOU. Bedroom & Living room, furniture\""
"11066" "\"#secretobsession MY BOYFRIEND ah :)\""
"11067" "\"Ace Ventura Pet Detective is on\""
"11068" "\"9-12 months? I advertise in the neighborhood newsletter. (cheaply)\""
"11069" "\"\\": Corn-flakes were created as an anti-masturbation cereal.\\" What does that even mean?? What is a pro-masterbation cereal?\""
"11070" "\"Yes, but they don't show them on TV #sharktank Hard to track success of failures, that would b a great blog.\""
"11071" "\"3rd run did score.\""
"11072" "\"Please disregard that last tweet, wasn't me that posted it\""
"11073" "\"Deep in the cell of my heart, I will feel so glad to go\""
"11074" "\"I don't think that's legal.\""
"11075" "\"It's been a long week. Feeling punchy. And ready for some Hunger Games with my boy and my friends.\""
"11076" "\"Watching Barney with the kids and is on it lol she looks so young n cute\""
"11077" "\"The awkward moment when one of your friends says Justin is ugly so you show them your sexiest pic of him and they know it's cute but deny it\""
"11078" "\"Feeling pretty good right now.\""
"11079" "\"Just ate at John besh's Luke in San Antonio. Yum! Frites were good but the hanger steak was best on the table!\""
"11080" "\"#WeDontLikeYou tee time bitches\""
"11081" "\"If a singer's song can make you cry, it definitely means he/she feels how you are feeling.\""
"11082" "\"the day Ariana, Before you exit & Action item replied/retweeted you\""
"11083" "\"What a great day with amazing people. Now if i could just fall asleep.\""
"11084" "\"I've been watchin nsn non stop since yesterday now I gotta hang sum posters ;)\""
"11085" "\"I recently read The Fall of Giants by Ken Follett which is sort of the same time period right before WWI. Interesting time.\""
"11086" "\"Looking for a good time tonight? Disco San Andreas is guest teaching at 8pm!\""
"11087" "\"Woot! RT I'm happy to announce that the has declared April 16, 2012 Day!\""
"11088" "\"I love your icon on Twitter account with !\""
"11089" "\"San Diego. We are going out for andys bros graduation from the marines and to see some of my family in palm springs\""
"11090" "\"Listen Friday at 10am for a live interview with ScooterCabs co-founder Justin Sisley on 106.7 FM, \\"Mind Your Business\\" segment!!\""
"11091" "\"I'd like to think that you're worth my time, but you embody everything that I hate.\""
"11092" "\"I'm about to get you a KD shirt then :)\""
"11093" "\"You act like a snob and treat people like shit no wonder you're alone!\""
"11094" "\"Watching South Beach Tow!\""
"11095" "\"mr. dollar sign...!\""
"11096" "\"I live so far north in the burbs that it takes FOREVER to get a taxi. I miss ease of getting a taxi in the city\""
"11097" "\"Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit\""
"11098" "\"In 2010, an estimated 785,000 Americans had a new coronary attack. -CDC\""
"11099" "\"I'm going to walk the 12 blocks or so back to my car now & then make myself work out. I hope.\""
"11100" "\"The resume sounds good to me!\""
"11101" "\"I love it. Can't wait to see pictures!\""
"11102" "\"Thirsty Thursday anyone?\""
"11103" "\"And then pee on them!!!!!\""
"11104" "\"Do you cook with Olive Oil? Did you know that it becomes toxic at high heat? Switch to Coconut Oil or Grapeseed Oil as healthy alternatives.\""
"11105" "\"You're gonna hate me....we actually don't serve them anymore :-(\""
"11106" "\"Like our first-born??\""
"11107" "\"starting a Kony 2012:Cover the night in Va Beach\""
"11108" "\"Dont treat me like dem \\"other niggas\\" Or ima treat you like dem \\"other Bitches\\"\""
"11109" "\"I love this dam song\""
"11110" "\"Baby dick, itty bitty baby dick.\""
"11111" "\"“: they have all become buttholes and players bc the nice thing didn't work for them haha” so true!!\""
"11112" "\"they got so much drama over there I don't wanna cause any more. Feeling like shit now. Drink rum drink rum drink rum\""
"11113" "\"Barack: \\"I do got a dumb friend named Chedda Biden, who shoots himself in the foot every time he addresses the media.\\"\""
"11114" "\"my goodness look at that view .\""
"11115" "\"Guys Im Gonna Extend The Deadline For The Video Pictures Til Next Sunday Since People Havent Sent Them So U Guys Have Plenty Of Time! :) x\""
"11116" "\"Mud bog at cadwells, 3 o clock :p cant wait gonna be fun\""
"11117" "\"Ya you can sort of beat Jimmy Nielsen with that sh!t?\""
"11118" "\"How is the game going now?\""
"11119" "\"I feel that shit some riding music.\""
"11120" "\"deal. I already have a black pleather singlet in the closet :p\""
"11121" "\"Did you know more than half of GSA contractors are small businesses?\""
"11122" "\"Thx 4 the follow, looking forward to your twitts.\""
"11123" "\"yes. God, yes.\""
"11124" "\"Looked at the 'recommended people to follow' and was surprised to see the CAT of an ex. His CAT?\""
"11125" "\"AH miss you to bebz<3\""
"11126" "\"LOL Yes but it's only under a month away. It'll be worth the wait, amiga haha you know it will. Eh RAW could be better xD\""
"11127" "\"who is in the us bitch\""
"11128" "\"Thank you for respectfully silencing anti-gay heckler are Mayoral debate.\""
"11129" "\"I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 31:51 with Nike+ GPS.\""
"11130" "\"Facebook's timeline feature is now live, make sure to activate yours and enjoy the tour! What a neat application.\""
"11131" "\"July 3rd at les deux is cancelled and may be changing venues.\""
"11132" "\"Big Sis's kick ass, esp. when they got Gaga ticks! Love You lol\""
"11133" "\"im now following, sorry i havnt been on twitter, but im back (;\""
"11134" "\"im good hun how are you\""
"11135" "\"\\"Dancing heals us somewhere deep inside.\\" True words.\""
"11136" "\"Thank you for the follow :D Could you actually follow this sweetheart? ...He's the reason I'm here right now <3\""
"11137" "\"yes. Definitely.\""
"11138" "\"rough night ?\""
"11139" "\"Jose Bautista, 9 HR in nine career games at Target Field...\""
"11140" "\"For the past few mornings MPH has been trending. Why is that? It's hard to keep up, Tweeps.\""
"11141" "\"designing a pipe wrench favicon 16x16 is tiny\""
"11142" "\"noni >> lol that is one funny & blunt person\""
"11143" "\"Why da fuq are you always making things about yourself? its super annoying\""
"11144" "\"Great to know- I will certainly pass you on to our mamas!\""
"11145" "\"I am awesome.\""
"11146" "\"When I was on the train last weekend, it once smelled like pot and everyone looked at eachother and started laughing. It was perfect\""
"11147" "\"PD Tips: Identify high-end users, showcase what other faculty members are doing to create excitement\""
"11148" "\"I need to start eating with again. My swipe count is looking a little low.\""
"11149" "\"Not a madonna fan but for u haters about her age what can u do at 50 or less\""
"11150" "\"I mean there's so many people, what's stopping you from doing something ridiculous?\""
"11151" "\"I know, that's why I purposely wrote it in caps lmfao LOVE YOU 😘\""
"11152" "\"Rev. Jesse Jackson on ed reform - \\"It is a Race to the Top...for those who can run\\"\""
"11153" "\"You're welcome! Happy to follow!\""
"11154" "\"Judge (about ): Seems cool, but how do you keep this relevant in three years? \\"maybe 4square will be a feature of happstr\\"\""
"11155" "\"'Emergencies' have always been the pretext on which the safeguards of individual liberty have been eroded. ~ Frederick von Hayek\""
"11156" "\"Can we help explain anything?\""
"11157" "\"What an incredible weekend Ready for more!\""
"11158" "\"So there's this guy... <3\""
"11159" "\"-- looked so AMAZING on this morning!\""
"11160" "\"Thank you for the kind endorsement!\""
"11161" "\"Fear is the darkroom where negatives are developed.\""
"11162" "\"I don't think I'll be your somebody but at least for now I can pretend to be.\""
"11163" "\"what happens if u fell asleep with contacts on?\""
"11164" "\"Empty inbox ACHIEVED. Finally.\""
"11165" "\"the best person ever I love him and always will support him he's amazing! I wish he would follow me !!(:\""
"11166" "\"information overload was a complete success - some times the facts speak for themselves...\""
"11167" "\"I want , & lips tatted on my wrist this.summer.\""
"11168" "\"tee hee! Join in!\""
"11169" "\"needs Stevie, Hank, and Elin back\""
"11170" "\"Tonight is PiYo with Lisa from 6:45-7:30 pm!! Come join us and have a blast working out! Check us out on twitter\""
"11171" "\"Ooh, your brother sounds cute! I have to admit I have a think for beards. :)\""
"11172" "\"i realize their name might be crazy, but their music is oh so good.\""
"11173" "\"I liked Aldi. None around here though.\""
"11174" "\"hey there producer extraordinaire, do you think you can the second ep up tonight?\""
"11175" "\"I see. Maybe I'll download a trial version of Fireworks to play with. I don't have 15 yrs. to learn Photoshop or Illustrator!\""
"11176" "\"are we doin this mañana or que\""
"11177" "\"enjoy while you can. Soon your child will insist on the Proust Channel. No cartoons for you then!\""
"11178" "\"And Friday is here I'm gonna make it Last forever\""
"11179" "\"Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - Cherie Currie from The Runaways!\""
"11180" "\"Thanks so much David...making the \\"Drums Daily\\" made my Day!\""
"11181" "\"Merry Christmas\""
"11182" "\"10 thousand hours makes me an expert\""
"11183" "\"Are you for real?\""
"11184" "\"Have a happy day!\""
"11185" "\"I heard it was a packed house for the opening night Congrats! How did it feel?\""
"11186" "\"www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies Go vote for us to play Warped Tour now!\""
"11187" "\"M I'm delighted. I'm looking for creative ideas\""
"11188" "\"Started the day by remembering I forgot to submit an assignment last night...\""
"11189" "\"One year ago today we told our Moms they were going to be Grandmas in December. Now its my turn to celebrate Mothers Day!\""
"11190" "\"I just heard from an office source that it recently moved to WEXFORD. Road trip. Its on.\""
"11191" "\"We're collecting Quiz Qs from kids & taking feedback/support Qs. We want submit to redirect to URL of last page viewed. Tips?\""
"11192" "\"followed, RT my stuff please!!\""
"11193" "\"elf me!\""
"11194" "\"why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?\""
"11195" "\"Its Mango season!\""
"11196" "\"Seriously this is so educational. I'm learning a lot.\""
"11197" "\"FOLLOW ME PLEASE :'(\""
"11198" "\"I might be more excited for 's birthday than she is.\""
"11199" "\"follow back - we are a community magazine covering Newark and surrounding areas\""
"11200" "\"Something handmade? By you or someone on etsy....\""
"11201" "\"Just had my interview at the for - so much fun. I'll let y'all know when it's up!\""
"11202" "\"staff photo shoot day = hilarious. Can't wait to see the photos!\""
"11203" "\"I won't sleep tonight until you follow me!;) PLEASE AUSTIN and I love your room!:)\""
"11204" "\"Lmao My Momma Going To Be At The MB Concert Singing All The MB Songs 😂 & I'm A Record It All\""
"11205" "\"Cummings will be on Saturday Morning with at 8:00 AM EST on the Secret Service Scandal. Tune in!\""
"11206" "\"What am I writing about?\""
"11207" "\"Learning how to speak speak the language of Sanskrit. It is such a beautiful and powerful language! :)\""
"11208" "\"Hey #DodgerFam please follow us on instagram for game photos of your favorite photos. Thank you.\""
"11209" "\"#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Ask your coworkers if that tattoo/piercing hurt and stare at it\""
"11210" "\"Is it because you get fooled/pranked a lot haha\""
"11211" "\"What's everyone doing for NYE\""
"11212" "\"Thanks for the follow.\""
"11213" "\"means u nasty\""
"11214" "\"Hey Mermaids fans you should check out my book trailers on youtube.. just go to youtube and put Erin Sankey you'll see both\""
"11215" "\"probably more than monthly tweet. Been exploring other aspects of life recently: reading, teaching, etc.\""
"11216" "\"El golf wang\""
"11217" "\"i finally remembered my password!! took me long enough!\""
"11218" "\"\\"i'm gonna keep you not connected\\"\""
"11219" "\"They're so good!\""
"11220" "\"I seent it.\""
"11221" "\"lol damn. At least you're honest\""
"11222" "\"text me and letme know how that experience went\""
"11223" "\"I'm a dancer too so i'm soo excited to see the new dance!!!!!\""
"11224" "\"There's a guy here wearing a Scuds jersey.\""
"11225" "\"thank you! Yeah you can call me around 5 today after classes.\""
"11226" "\"everything on my newsfeed is always like, \\"about 2 get drunk wit ma bros\\" \\"high as shit\\" congratulations, your life is so interesting.\""
"11227" "\"The #weather is beautiful in #Indiana today. I think I will go out scouting for subject matter.\""
"11228" "\"hacker screen is up, another laptop is open, coffee in hand and tunes in my earholes. THIS IS WHAT WORLD DOMINATION LOOKS LIKE.\""
"11229" "\"that's right! A shorter version though. Have to fit it into 30 min.\""
"11230" "\"Is Scala the programming language named after La Scala, the Italian opera house?\""
"11231" "\"D3 extends good luck wishes today to cands: K.W., K.L., D.R. & M.H. Also, a sincere congrats to J.O. on an outstanding offer. One & done!\""
"11232" "\"Just met An old school journalist with a new school skill set. Find her at #ACHJ12, talk to her, you'll hear why.\""
"11233" "\"Its nights like this that make me really worry about nursing school. Baby #2 is down but #1 isn't and I've still got dishes. Bah!\""
"11234" "\"Now all I can think about is getting my bird!! Rescuing a Macaw from ParrotRescueNebraska, can't wait!\""
"11235" "\"I had fun 2 day omfg y 2 day had to end-__-\""
"11236" "\"We're compiling a book for the Sept. 11 anniversary. Proceeds go to charity. to \\"What were you doing on Sept. 11?\\"\""
"11237" "\"be careful mama you are gonna fall “: what?! What'd I do wrong?!”\""
"11238" "\"- a fine 2B and reportedly a great dancer!\""
"11239" "\"Hahahaha some things just never change at PHS\""
"11240" "\"Dance around a magical couch. RT WWJD (what would Jamiroquai do?)\""
"11241" "\"“: Some people would actually learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.. keep it real!!!”yes!\""
"11242" "\"I ask for my #tea in a mug, & once again get a paper cup. This #eco shift to mugs as the \\"new normal\\" is slow! alas.\""
"11243" "\"The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing\""
"11244" "\"give mama Schaeff my mucho amore today but tell her to try and keep the boys separated\""
"11245" "\"good thing I wasn't there\""
"11246" "\"thank you for the follow! Love your site! Keep in touch\""
"11247" "\"Awesome win, crew! Even if t plush was out. :)\""
"11248" "\"Saturday's out as I'm in Baltimore, but Sunday afternoon and evening are fine if you wanna meet then.\""
"11249" "\"Congratulations to Shivani and Josh! We hope you enjoy your wedding reception tomorrow night!! We'll be serving up \\"The Finest\\"!\""
"11250" "\"ooh, no I missed that!!! Will check it out! :)\""
"11251" "\"Not at the moment but I'll let you know when we are\""
"11252" "\"Getting the feedback pipeline going between Ezra Daniels and myself on Upgrade Soul—exciting.\""
"11253" "\"Yeah baby. RT : \\"Nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in American-made energy.\\"\""
"11254" "\"Historical place in Buffalo...where I live -__-\""
"11255" "\"Got Money\""
"11256" "\"okay that's cool\""
"11257" "\"First details emerge in sealed Shawnee murder case - Bonner Springs Chieftain\""
"11258" "\"Great pic. Welcome to Washington!\""
"11259" "\"Do you have soul ? Living in bliss ? Trying to scream threw all that the mist, just make sure that when you scream people realize you exists\""
"11260" "\"Why is YottaaMonitor hitting our web server so often?\""
"11261" "\"You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards\""
"11262" "\"You and me both! Btw, had a question for you. Cool if I shoot an email your way in a bit?\""
"11263" "\"Going to see Hunger Games tonight; wonder if it'll live up to the hype.\""
"11264" "\"Who will be our 5,000 \\"like\\"? Stay tuned!\""
"11265" "\"Auditioning is like dating. You buy a special new outfit, give it your best shot, feel hopeful and elated when it goes well,\""
"11266" "\"The move's a bit hectic but NZ will be a blast...\""
"11267" "\"Life is full of adventures dont waist your time doing nothing. Explore it while you still young. (:\""
"11268" "\"I loved Cross my Heart. Do you follow your fans?\""
"11269" "\"Man o man, I'm running outta food trivia ova here!\""
"11270" "\"Next Friday - NOIR Fridays at Victor Hotel with DJ TIMBUCK2 and your host Guest list only - no cover all night!\""
"11271" "\"chayna put that work in... And history will be made\""
"11272" "\"Today in summary: absolutely terrifying!!!\""
"11273" "\"So cute!\""
"11274" "\"Yes indeed. :) It's only disturbing when it's during \\"Singing Down in Dixie\\", though.\""
"11275" "\"Hey, im a new teen youtube singer. That would b awesome if u could go check out my channel andhelp me get to Thank u\""
"11276" "\"Hecks yes “: How about that homer from Cabrera? #Tigers”\""
"11277" "\"I'm Just inviting everyone to my house tomorrow\""
"11278" "\"Planning my #newyork trip with my bff!!! ah!!\""
"11279" "\"So, #OLA media is having an internal debate over how they can best individually profit from selling riot porn? And most are in favor?\""
"11280" "\"don't worry you & can come up every weekend to stay with me!\""
"11281" "\"Oof. Goodness. Getting older has some benefits.\""
"11282" "\"is deep in thought!\""
"11283" "\"Why must people invade other peoples privacy when they can't even respect their own?\""
"11284" "\"At Great HP event with inspiring to be with ppl trying to do so much good. read her book Giving2.0\""
"11285" "\"Power nap, back in the studio Yeah! Later.\""
"11286" "\"hey it's my pleasure, you're putting out top quality content!\""
"11287" "\"“: Thanks for following djPilot.com and itzT-shirtTime.com\""
"11288" "\":) RT. What u think about is wht u become! Thnk positive!\""
"11289" "\"Stay N yo Lane... Stay n yo muthafuckin Lane\""
"11290" "\"Joe Pa is dead. R.I.P. Joe Pa.\""
"11291" "\"Rick Scott just appointed a 1% banker to the County Commission. Another out of touch move by an out of touch governor.\""
"11292" "\"Limping around on my gimpy ankle today. Found my compression wrap, which helps considerably. Philly sidewalks can be hazardous!\""
"11293" "\"is wondering why Quilted Northern women need to come clean in their quest for toilet paper to act like a bidet.\""
"11294" "\"hope nobody was surprised to see Starbucks on top. That's a brand that consistently gets it right.\""
"11295" "\"Never Forget, Pray, Remember 11 million killed in the Holocaust & the millions killed in WWII. #Yom HaShoah #Holocaust Remembrance Day\""
"11296" "\"Thanks, ladies! You rock!\""
"11297" "\"In the car on our way to playlist live jammin to EP!!!!!!! :D\""
"11298" "\"and Mon Sept 26th early show with virtuoso mandolinist snehasish & s.o.m. 7pm, free\""
"11299" "\"really thats cool, ron dont know yet!\""
"11300" "\"I speak the truth , but I guess that's a foreign language to yall ..\""
"11301" "\"Definitely! Let me know when you're in town! I'll be in Vegas a couple days in January.\""
"11302" "\"Charles F. Kettering: Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.\""
"11303" "\"Thank you for being a father I never had. Your a great example of a black men!\""
"11304" "\"that awkward moment when you're walking around in heels and you're as tall as your dad.\""
"11305" "\"thanks man! appreciate the compliment.\""
"11306" "\"Since mitt romney has amassed so much wealth, you would think he could buy a heart & soul & make himself SEEM more authentic.\""
"11307" "\"We'll miss you.\""
"11308" "\"it's all good, soon we'll be reunited while exchanging laptops...\""
"11309" "\"Gold is gaining - look at GLD I got in $89 - it is now $119 will hit $200 not too late to make some money. Cheaper gold play is NG $6.64\""
"11310" "\"Rain, rain go away.\""
"11311" "\"#petpeev people who are never on time\""
"11312" "\"CNI: David S.H. Rosenthal, plenary titled How Are We Ensuring the Longevity of Digital Documents?\""
"11313" "\"I will attend the Mobile Track at Computers in Libraries #CIL11 3/23/11 to learn about big trends in mobile tech\""
"11314" "\"To be in DC and stuck inside a hotel...well, it just sucks, basically!\""
"11315" "\"Slow first half.\""
"11316" "\"Aww man, I'm in the AK until next Monday morning, the 14th! #boosauce We'll chill in Btown in September, though.\""
"11317" "\"yep. That's the one.\""
"11318" "\"Just received a political robo call that said it understood if I was \\"flustrated\\" with current system. I don't think it understands at all.\""
"11319" "\"that's one of the stupidest, and shittiest things I've ever seen you tweet... Bad energy, watch out\""
"11320" "\"I love you too !\""
"11321" "\"Garcia is a truly professional pitcher. He comes in with a plan. He knows what hes doing\""
"11322" "\"That's what confuses me. I only bought one container.\""
"11323" "\"Reason 1: I have the leadership, qualifications and vision to move Alpha to the next level of excellence and service.\""
"11324" "\"Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!\""
"11325" "\"Fucc its raining\""
"11326" "\"This week we made Banana Nut Bread. Was a great breakfast. Next week I think we will try some Sour Dough...\""
"11327" "\"Today! Danky Fellowship Lecture, 12-1, SLIS Commons. Josh Mound, Univ of MI, talks about using WHS collections for his dissertation research\""
"11328" "\"My TL Is blowing up\""
"11329" "\"Have you given much thought to what kind of job you want after you retire?\""
"11330" "\"I finished the first season of #Lost. Oh. My. Shiz.\""
"11331" "\"happy Easter bro enjoy your day. Still training, I may out there April 21st. I will let you know when I figure everything out.\""
"11332" "\"Bout to chillax wit my WIFEY gudnite folks\""
"11333" "\"Nice guys finish last and bring you breakfast in bed!\""
"11334" "\"#nsnreview Loved that the voice coach had such a big role in the movie! She really took care of and his voice! Well done!\""
"11335" "\"Yup ! \\": Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation\\"\""
"11336" "\"you still following me? :)\""
"11337" "\"Finally done!\""
"11338" "\"Yeah, will the piece lose relevancy by 2014? Based on the topic, seems like it would...\""
"11339" "\"im currently dealing with it and taking it day by day...like a real man :-)\""
"11340" "\"True! Unless u already knew 'em...it would be fun to meet everyone, creates a friendly environment :-)\""
"11341" "\"RT : has taken over this feed again.....Bulls win!!!\""
"11342" "\"If I can smell u outside on a windy night...u missed more than 'a' shower!\""
"11343" "\"Hi there __mariajuanna\""
"11344" "\"must focus\""
"11345" "\"... so SHPanda PedoBear's somewhat more respectable cousin?\""
"11346" "\"this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus\""
"11347" "\"She should not be able to capitalize in any way during this time\""
"11348" "\"And the GG Bridge SWATHED in fog is the ultimate photograph.\""
"11349" "\"Uwm bus stop quote of the day, \\"I'm gonna pimp yo' bankruptcy out, you know what I'm sayin?\\"\""
"11350" "\"Lightss Down Low , Time 2 Get Naughty , ;))\""
"11351" "\"YOU ARE WELCOME. HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY BEST FRIEND. Promise I'll sing it once my voice is back <333 buon compleano a te !!!! <333\""
"11352" "\"6 miles and some lifting\""
"11353" "\"Thanks for the RT; there's still a few more essays to come.\""
"11354" "\"I never had one. It held a promise of opportunity that didn't get fulfilled. Just like a poor mistress. :P\""
"11355" "\"yeah that was my reaction too!! Soon followed by a happy dance lol :)\""
"11356" "\"[Ephesians3:20] FatherGod is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the HolySpirit Power at work in us.\""
"11357" "\"no surprise all my mid-career friends are discussing the emptiness they feel from not \\"making\\"\""
"11358" "\"are u on MM? i don't do much tfp honestly\""
"11359" "\"I need your name and phone number in order to put you on my schedule for tomorrow at 2. Please reply via tweet or phone.\""
"11360" "\"Beating up people at a show doesn't make you cool. Get out of here.\""
"11361" "\"Huh ... I already live out there .\""
"11362" "\"1st love and only love...\""
"11363" "\"I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe\""
"11364" "\"Thanks girl, I hope nothing kills me!\""
"11365" "\"Rain Rain Go Away\""
"11366" "\"North Star Tuesday Night at 8pm.!\""
"11367" "\"We can always ask! And I guess the long-term usefulness of smartphones > that of many textbooks.\""
"11368" "\"Ha I saw u walking on Braun:]\""
"11369" "\"i wish i had a damn link card smh\""
"11370" "\"Thank you Rosa Parks for taking a stand by sitting down; 55 yrs. today. I plan to honor this by stopping by the bus in\""
"11371" "\"i just might:) how many do you need?\""
"11372" "\"This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!\""
"11373" "\"dropping by to say hi. Long time fan who had you sign an autograph at the beginning. you said \\"I hate the Rachel.\\" lol\""
"11374" "\"thankyouu! Much love u showin<3 you been my home girl since da day I met u!(:\""
"11375" "\"I'm going with shedding.\""
"11376" "\"If you don't love me at my worst, hopefully you'll still blow me at my best.\""
"11377" "\"you have our admiration and respect but at what point in the 80 miles does the run become fun? ;)\""
"11378" "\"Jeb Bush to enter GOP primary, strong contender.\""
"11379" "\"this is why I want to go and live in the woods with many animals. But not really\""
"11380" "\"you just gotta shut them out today and you got a shot\""
"11381" "\"going to be in vegas tonight 9pm......whats up?\""
"11382" "\"#Ifihadadragon I would kill the Dragonborn\""
"11383" "\"Cowboys looked pretty good tonight.\""
"11384" "\"Do you know of any good #sushi puns? Go ahead, maki my day.\""
"11385" "\"Don't take things handed to you by strangers in airports! :-)\""
"11386" "\"Interested, but not sure I am in good enough shape not to die.\""
"11387" "\"I promise we'll keep the scary animals away.\""
"11388" "\"If 1D are gonna be in Seattle, and I get to go and you are a Directioner there well then I MUST MEET YOU!\""
"11389" "\"Dogs chase bones. Men want curves.\""
"11390" "\"Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska. If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?\""
"11391" "\"Just finished first programming class. Holy testosterone batman!\""
"11392" "\"Its actually not as busy as I thought. People must be into shopping early.\""
"11393" "\"Hopefully at the end of pneumonia and an ear infection that's rendered me nearly deaf in my right ear. Not hearing everything ain't all bad!\""
"11394" "\"Crazy Hair Day this week has unfortunately been cancelled.\""
"11395" "\"The best thing to do is join our community (free) and star networking with actors/producers etc..\""
"11396" "\"mentioned a \\"Falling Slowly\\" duet with Eddie Vedder. I went searching for video immediately. It's as good as I imagined.\""
"11397" "\"Thanks for the RT!\""
"11398" "\"i love JB\""
"11399" "\"Sat 9/3 Mark Towns \\"\\" Solo #Guitar at Kings Harbor, #Kingwood, TX 7pm - 9pm #Latin &\""
"11400" "\"dub step is just a trend right now it'll be gone in a couple of years\""
"11401" "\"the only earbuds I've found to stay in my ears are those made by Shure. I have the SE115.\""
"11402" "\"How'd that shit go ?\""
"11403" "\"it's nutritious, it's just not posted\""
"11404" "\"Wanna go to the drake concert real bad.\""
"11405" "\"Wha? Say it ain't so!\""
"11406" "\"“: I'd rather sacrafice my courage in an attempt to prove its worth than be denied the chance to prove its existence at all.\\"\""
"11407" "\"Failure doesn't mean you didn't meet your goals, it means you quit.\""
"11408" "\"Not a fan of naming kids after white presidents, shitty MPS schools or city's in Wisconsin.\""
"11409" "\"Now we're creeping up on 200...\""
"11410" "\"OH at RN74, regarding a very drunk lady in a very hideous skirt: 'It was definitely velvet. I felt it when she elbowed me with her ass.'\""
"11411" "\"Honestly, I would like the deal more if Ellis opted out. Still a shit trade though.\""
"11412" "\"Girls that wear Victoria's secret >>>>>\""
"11413" "\"W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this game should be a statement game for Eli manning with all the criticism\""
"11414" "\"3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before #Bears pick.\""
"11415" "\"Whew. The cute kid managed to get onto the car in time. Would've been tragic to see him not make it.\""
"11416" "\"I had a wonderful morning and I look forward to a great afternoon\""
"11417" "\"I've heard that. Great professors always make learning fun.\""
"11418" "\"I know you're used to getting up bright & early... so do you want to join us this Saturday at 5 am for Muscle for the Cure? :)\""
"11419" "\"Pouria! How are you!\""
"11420" "\"but i did change my url\""
"11421" "\"What a great video! Might use those concepts to revamp the lesson plans for science... and leadership. Thanks for posting!\""
"11422" "\"I expected Ned Land to greet this news with unfeigned satisfaction\""
"11423" "\"2 baby bumps in 1 English class!!!!\""
"11424" "\"but I was still doing my good deed for the day..o:\""
"11425" "\"NOT LIKE THATS A BAD THING. I LOVE LOU\""
"11426" "\"Barrera: Also integrating career education -- practical real world skills all our kids need\""
"11427" "\"No bunnies but.fresh ricotta....thanks to you! Yum! :)\""
"11428" "\"we're doing dinner\""
"11429" "\"Hearing about us on LA Observed on right now! How cool is that?! (some of us may be huge KCRW nerds...)\""
"11430" "\"That shit need to come on .\""
"11431" "\"Oh, yeah. Don't know how I could have missed that one.\""
"11432" "\"Stay tuned tomorrow night for some exciting mobile open source announcements! #iphonedevla #androiddevla (via )\""
"11433" "\"Discover Indie fashion for all over the world: www.store.ustrendy.com\""
"11434" "\"We're famous! RT : PERFECT GAME ALERT: RHP Philip Humber has not allowed a baserunner through 5 innings against the\""
"11435" "\"Just found out that a raisin is a dried grape.\""
"11436" "\"RT ARTweet: \\"If we go for the easy way, then we never change.\\" -Marina Abramović (via )\""
"11437" "\"just to say you've been but The other joints we went to had some bad ones lol. One got me for at least $175 lol YOLO\""
"11438" "\"Good morning! Yeah Brewers! Beast mode!!\""
"11439" "\"It's crazy how much people learn about their selves hourly. I know it's all true too because they put it on Facebook #whatsfacebookforagain?\""
"11440" "\"Thanks to all of my long time and new followers! Trying my best to respond and follow every1 back looks like theres follow limit though! =(\""
"11441" "\"Lopez: At hospital, \\"we were told that...the injuries she sustained were not compatible with life.\\" Taken to ICU to monitor, say goodbye,\""
"11442" "\"So, anybody watching the second game?\""
"11443" "\"about me..?\""
"11444" "\"reading about Knowledge Organization Systems... brains are draining out my ears. Anybody have an interesting research area in Digital Libs?\""
"11445" "\"This is not letting me consentrate in school /:\""
"11446" "\"in till 6 but I have someone who can help her if not i am in on Friday\""
"11447" "\"I had to get a key to use the library's toilet. Not sure what I liked more: having a bathroom to myself of that the key matched my clothes.\""
"11448" "\"Thunder and lightening storms are my favorite.\""
"11449" "\"The incident makes for a fun story. Although going through it was sub-optimal.\""
"11450" "\"most BlackFolkz have been brain washed into thinking we shud stop tha procreation our race while tha devil laughz at them all\""
"11451" "\"Just had wings at American Deli w/ Noah while discussing conservative Christians delusion in thinking they're a persecuted minority.\""
"11452" "\"When you don't have students best interests at heart, you need to get out of the field of education ASAP!\""
"11453" "\"YES! RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery & Juice Bar is NOW OPEN! Offering vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free options.\""
"11454" "\"No strike out Alex\""
"11455" "\"me too. Let's meet sometime soon!\""
"11456" "\"teach me how to make some please\""
"11457" "\"did you get todays update? 5.1.1 is supposed to be more stable\""
"11458" "\"Too many look up and admire the stars. A champion climbs a mountain and grabs one!!!\""
"11459" "\"I just don't want to offend anyone. We've discussed this haha.\""
"11460" "\"Sitting with Bobbie Kilberg, president of , at Consumer Electronics Association \\"Digital Patriots\\" Awards Dinner at Newseum.\""
"11461" "\"Thanks for the RTs and mentions-have a great week!\""
"11462" "\"My guess is the fact that this thing is about to cause him to miss time will be enough of a lesson. Kid loves to play.\""
"11463" "\"Okay! I know I said I was going 2 bed but, Ugh! ... It's hard when you're a insomniac :-(\""
"11464" "\"We love to hear that!\""
"11465" "\"lol I don't have wisdom teeth anymore they yanked all four out\""
"11466" "\"Phew. Lot of writing crammed into such a tiny time window.\""
"11467" "\"Reading your twitter feed always makes me want a vacation! Where are we going?\""
"11468" "\"THANK GOD!!!!!!!!! IT's OVER! #Arsenal (never been so happy to finish 3rd.)\""
"11469" "\"#WhyDoiAlways give in to almost everything?\""
"11470" "\"AHH! That scared me. holy crap.\""
"11471" "\"LOL, so my video of me being Zayn has 20 comments saying im fat and ugly and that I'm going to burn for talking about muslims\""
"11472" "\"ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around\""
"11473" "\"Just got a random text announcing the birth of a daughter. I have no idea who it was from. If it was you, congratulations!\""
"11474" "\"cool vids dude.\""
"11475" "\"yeah, everything is on it's way to being better - massive heart attack, emergency bypasses, last rites... nothing too big.\""
"11476" "\"lol ijs b nice either way don't wish or hope bad stuff u blunt just like me tho lmao\""
"11477" "\"\\"A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.\\" Proverbs 14:30\""
"11478" "\"Anyone want to buy 2 Avett Brothers tickets from me for next Saturday night at Jacobs Pavilion?\""
"11479" "\"That is so true. Thank you I needed that this morning.\""
"11480" "\"Ok, I'm up already, so there!\""
"11481" "\"#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt dress in clothing befitting a formal function of state of the human variety.\""
"11482" "\"The regular show C:\""
"11483" "\"I'm on it!\""
"11484" "\"Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 4-0. Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up.\""
"11485" "\"omg imma see which one he have and imma get back u 2mrw\""
"11486" "\"a lot of new material! You can't write this shit.......\""
"11487" "\"Finished teaching my last class of the term. After lunch, the assessment begging.\""
"11488" "\"Isn't it funny how smooth stuff goes when you have a great plan and follow it. I need to plan better in all aspects of life. It just works!\""
"11489" "\"haha were alive !\""
"11490" "\"Mixed? I was just wondering if I should apply to intern there.\""
"11491" "\"Best way to print is to select the cues you want to print, copy, and then paste them in to a spreadsheet or text document.\""
"11492" "\"can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 254\""
"11493" "\"23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #6: Goose Island Urban Wheat Ale 312 - Go #Cubs!\""
"11494" "\"so twitter upgraded huh\""
"11495" "\"Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life\""
"11496" "\"hmphfff. Man of your word? I think not!\""
"11497" "\"J. Lo's green sequin dresses FIERCE on #Americanidol tonight. Fierce! ❤\""
"11498" "\"I hope you only wiped your hands with that!\""
"11499" "\"why don't you notice me? Ya lil POOP\""
"11500" "\"Our Information Session is today at 6:30 at the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation, 7401 Park Heights Avenue, 21208. Make a difference with us!\""
"11501" "\"Schroeder hits a grounder to third. Presley scoops, throws, got him to end this game. Mariners win.\""
"11502" "\"great win by the giants mate. Now the doldrums of a sport-less February!\""
"11503" "\"There are five keys to social justice in any person's life. And these are not political. Everybody has them.\""
"11504" "\"\\"like two skinny fries chasing ketchup\\" first time I ever heard that. LMAO.\""
"11505" "\". has stepped up their game. Luv the quick charge/ship from the store & bonus points. I've done it 5 times this wk. Fast Delivery.\""
"11506" "\"Fear is the reason we don't take action, and anger is why we get stuck. Remove the two, and watch how your dreams and goals come to you.\""
"11507" "\"any php developers feel like whipping up a basic CRUD app for a few extra bucks?\""
"11508" "\"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 69\""
"11509" "\"Have a great weekend my friends.\""
"11510" "\"So Raven Symone just came out of the closet. WTF!\""
"11511" "\"thanks buddy. Will you be at the game today? My first MLS game outside KC.\""
"11512" "\"real men treat everyone right.\""
"11513" "\"In this production called life some are meant to be seen, some are meant to direct and most are going to watch.\""
"11514" "\"Thinkin about a girl.\""
"11515" "\"Project Empowerment has helped more than 2,000 people find jobs. This is outstanding work.\""
"11516" "\"watched Cabin Boy over the weekend w/ my 5yr old daughter, we were both thoroughly amused. You and Conan need to make a movie!\""
"11517" "\"Its Slick Lame W/Out The Seniors\""
"11518" "\"Friday the 13th? 2012? Sorry, I don't want to jinx anybody today...\""
"11519" "\"Which classes are outside? I was thinking of a follow-up post since there really are so many around town! classinthecity\""
"11520" "\"Check out Rewind.me app just released ahead of 4sq day! Awesome way to play with your history and benefit\""
"11521" "\"We watching da game n he cum up here lickn us lol\""
"11522" "\"No school. Quince Pictures:D\""
"11523" "\"Applying for summer internships, submitting conference proposals, and peer-reviewing my pants off. Pls send coffee.\""
"11524" "\"yaaayyye... #switchedatbirth is returning. Can't wait.\""
"11525" "\"u r so right and I am not he don't know how I really feel and he is still my friend on facebook\""
"11526" "\"i had to stop using nonsticks in my dad's house cos he did the same. now i'm all all-clad type.\""
"11527" "\"4. Reminders - remind users of important dates, appointments or forms that need to be filled out.\""
"11528" "\"Reason #93829 Why I Love IT- My coworker brought homemade baklava as a treat. There is no other field as diverse as Information Technology.\""
"11529" "\"Haha! Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?\""
"11530" "\"Fish and just vibe in the sea catching tuna\""
"11531" "\"Thanks Charlie!\""
"11532" "\"\\"We know that love is always shining, so save me love save me all the time.\\" ::trevor hall::the lime tree::\""
"11533" "\"I cant wait until you hate me...\""
"11534" "\"interesting. I don't get why they keep making the same movies.\""
"11535" "\"Happy Mothers day too all mothers not just single mothers.\""
"11536" "\"Having a great #AORN12! Talked to hundreds of nurses on improving processes & storage in the OR. Last day today and ready for more!!\""
"11537" "\"Yepp. Do you need the citation?\""
"11538" "\"yes! #PT, #Yoga, and #Pilates should be given a shot.\""
"11539" "\"CHECK OUT ONE OF THE HOTTEST NEW SINGLE OF THE YEAR YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ RIDE WITH ME\""
"11540" "\"Cheer practice.♥\""
"11541" "\"Every day is a new day.\""
"11542" "\"let's make a Boston show happen. We'll sell that bitch out.\""
"11543" "\"Stars Are Blind is the shit.\""
"11544" "\"t* lol last tweet(;\""
"11545" "\"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 73\""
"11546" "\"lies, lies, lies!.-.\""
"11547" "\"your welcome\""
"11548" "\"“: aww thank you! love the Hindi in your profile - wise words:)” Yes, have a great weekend & good luck on the ponies!\""
"11549" "\"Clearly I have defeated you earthworm with my words -- imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists\""
"11550" "\"Up early with a cup of coffee in my hand. Busy week will require a lot of focus\""
"11551" "\"-thanks for the shine. ; )\""
"11552" "\"Took all the beats off my website....hopefully it'll all be worth it\""
"11553" "\"“: OH: \\"my husband is a body drinker\\". Strong. #MSSymposium” Great new term. We'll all be stealing that!\""
"11554" "\"is so wonderful! He surprised me with the bluray from the concert we were at!\""
"11555" "\"whats your url?\""
"11556" "\"#PhilOchs Thanks, Neal!\""
"11557" "\"i loved #redemption great job guys!!! xo\""
"11558" "\"Thank you! Hope it's a great Friday!\""
"11559" "\"I would've been especially disappointed if a flight to Bostonvia was canceled; it would be so hard to book in the first place.\""
"11560" "\"* Quietly removes self from soapbox.\""
"11561" "\"is a MANIAC!\""
"11562" "\"Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Fox News\""
"11563" "\"I just finished a 4.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.\""
"11564" "\"im trying to change but i see i havent.i tried surprising him today at school and it didnt go how i expected, well i tried\""
"11565" "\"Tonight's intermission food topic: Beef and Broccoli or Chicken Pad Thai?\""
"11566" "\"#1OfMyFlaws I give my honest opinion no matter the situation\""
"11567" "\"Okay, we want to hear it: what is your favorite type of cheese on a burger? (Or in our case, INSIDE a burger).\""
"11568" "\"same! Lol my friend asked me if I could get them to follow her cause Eric and Al follow me so does Frankie Grande\""
"11569" "\"I agree! I never want to do that!! I love basketball too much to stop it. The game must go on.\""
"11570" "\"Question of the day: What is your favorite cartoon character?\""
"11571" "\"Concerts. That's All I Really Wanna Do.\""
"11572" "\"haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!\""
"11573" "\"Watching bby boy...\""
"11574" "\"Making the right decision sometimes maybe difficult, but think about the consequences of your actions before pursuing that decision.\""
"11575" "\"Thanks, Olivier! Glad you enjoyed the study. Hope all's well at Le Pan Quotidien.\""
"11576" "\"aww thanks! I feel like I haven't talked to you in awhile! Since London!\""
"11577" "\"why is my 18 yr old brother trying to convince me that he saw 3 UFOs this past weekend?\""
"11578" "\"#CincoDeMayo Is such a gringo holiday. we dont even celebrate it hahah\""
"11579" "\"One of those stupid futile days when so tempted to turn in resignation letter unless more staff allocated to IT...\""
"11580" "\"oh well.....he is a clown!\""
"11581" "\"Not really, which is just what I need!!! Have a great weekend!!!\""
"11582" "\"im so sorry for what is happening to bella God has a plan for everyone she will be cured\""
"11583" "\"To report flooding in your neighborhood, call the Storm Water Hotline at 619-235-1000.\""
"11584" "\"Happy birthday to the best pg in the state of NY\""
"11585" "\"Time to take my lil lady to the movies #TheLorax it is!\""
"11586" "\"I want to get married ... one day\""
"11587" "\"Watch David on Fox 5 Lead story about faulty DC breathalyzer machines\""
"11588" "\"Chick-Fil-A 2 classic Chicken Sandwiches, 1 fry, and a lemondade\""
"11589" "\"Never trust a girl who calls you by her ex's first name!\""
"11590" "\"no it is not fun. I feel like I have a hangover but no fun getting it. :)\""
"11591" "\"that's what I'm saying it's not all bad\""
"11592" "\"I agree completely\""
"11593" "\"hum...are you taking classes? might be able to get a student discount. my bro's at u of m--something to think on...\""
"11594" "\"Who woulda thought the Chiefs/Chargers game would be the best MNF matchup tonight? Down to the wire...\""
"11595" "\"Good morning everyone!\""
"11596" "\"Finished my first Race For The Cure 5K in 37 minutes! So proud of mom beating cancer and finishing it as well! :)\""
"11597" "\"30 pages into The Hunger Games, I know what I'm doing for the rest of the weekend.\""
"11598" "\"Hope everyone has a great weekend!\""
"11599" "\"Team adam coming up next.\""
"11600" "\"thanks so much for the follow!\""
"11601" "\"I think I pissed everyone off today...\""
"11602" "\"We have a friend whose husband is beating her what should we do? Madea before or after his funeral!?\""
"11603" "\"Best part of this would be the ice cream.\""
"11604" "\"IT'S FIVE IN THE MORNING WHAT AM I DOING WITH MYSELF\""
"11605" "\"your blitzkrieg just never schnapps\""
"11606" "\"how do you not sleep for 48 hours!\""
"11607" "\"Some decades ago I was given a life to live. No preview or choices. No exchange or return. No practice or complaints. My one and only...\""
"11608" "\"it means I bought something and now feel guilty and want to eat every minute.\""
"11609" "\"Tickle me Happy Friday TweetHearts!\""
"11610" "\"You can't even get the clues together.\""
"11611" "\"lol. Know the feeling. Well put.\""
"11612" "\"thought you would like it. :)\""
"11613" "\"visit our webstore or contact us at and get one of our last 8 pairs!\""
"11614" "\"Aside from the necessities, the one comfort item I won't travel without is __________.\""
"11615" "\"Haha! For those who are friends with my on Facebook, please keep in mind that Nate doesn't hold back.\""
"11616" "\"thats what i need\""
"11617" "\"your tweets are protected, so I can't see what you say :(\""
"11618" "\"shout to for da follow\""
"11619" "\"They have awesome coffee!\""
"11620" "\"Miguel Sano hit 10th home run of the season tonight. Might want to head 2 Pohlman Field B4 Sano moves up!\""
"11621" "\"It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off.\""
"11622" "\"“: Hey mom?” “WHAT!?” “Nevermind you`re not in a good mood.\\"”\""
"11623" "\"sfjazz collective's first gig is here at portland jazz fest tomorrow. rehearsal today was EXCITING! working on stevie wonder material.\""
"11624" "\"Thanks to KEXP's Sonic Reducer show for spinning my solo record. I bet their phones were ringing off the hook.\""
"11625" "\"i should show this to friends who think im crazy about\""
"11626" "\"jacobo como esta Argentina oh el hostel son economicos no? ?/\""
"11627" "\"#Patriots & #Giants fans, we still have #rooms available from Jan 27-Feb 1 if you're coming to Indy early.\""
"11628" "\"make that 5 so far, I'm game!\""
"11629" "\"good luck in LA Shabazz!\""
"11630" "\"“I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.” Phyllis Diller\""
"11631" "\"Getting married in Boston? See this beautiful weddings photographed by\""
"11632" "\"buying Carlo Rossi on the way home.....\""
"11633" "\"I need to find something to do 4th of July :/\""
"11634" "\"1 word: Epic!\""
"11635" "\"oh, sexy!\""
"11636" "\"Aw. Jealous! But can't wait for the next two weekends :)\""
"11637" "\"damn that's serious lol.. I haven't seen him up there ever since though.\""
"11638" "\"I'm about to be like this right now.\""
"11639" "\"This week I'm goin to DM the info and what it be about.\""
"11640" "\"You mean that people really WERE NOT saying bad things about me?!? I'm certain that they were about you eFive!\""
"11641" "\"Always share the credit, take the blame\""
"11642" "\"he's so nice! I hope you get to meet him soon! And thank you so much! Next time you come out for Jake, I can go! Haha\""
"11643" "\"She still can't wrestle to save her life, tho... Um I meant <3!!\""
"11644" "\"Grades dropped when Laramie implemented their online proctoring process/system.\""
"11645" "\"Morning! Woke up and found out that France will be having a new president on May 15th, who's socialist.. Interesting..\""
"11646" "\"Writer's block... *gulp*\""
"11647" "\"Welcome to Baltimore! Grand Prix fans and crews. Thanks for coming to our city. www.mytservice.com. Improving Taxi Quality\""
"11648" "\"#YouGetPointsIf you love God more than anything.\""
"11649" "\"NICE! let me know how it is.\""
"11650" "\"when movies set expectations like that and meet them, the future bar is set way high.\""
"11651" "\"meant to say g+t=din if you nibble on the lime to get a taste of pulp. Din needs solid martini w/ olive = meal for example.\""
"11652" "\"it's cuz I love you!\""
"11653" "\"#TeamCharon “: If i had a chainsaw, i woulda cut that crown in half.. is my SUPERSTAR! #realwhereitcounts”\""
"11654" "\"Hey Ry, I'm gonna be in LA on the 19th for a week. It would be awesome to meet up!\""
"11655" "\"Thanks Partner at Structural Engineering Group, exciting year ahead!\""
"11656" "\"I'm still laughing at the design and color scheme. Signs are usually similar (only so many combos) but his...well...\""
"11657" "\"Let us know how Ananda LA can serve you.\""
"11658" "\"Sweet Dreams\""
"11659" "\"Tweet BostonOnTheRun what you are doing today!!\""
"11660" "\"Yes! More of our mystery garden. We bought the house in winter, now we're watching all the mystery bulbs and bushes bloom...\""
"11661" "\"#nightofthehunter on wow!!!! This is so disturbing !!!!\""
"11662" "\"yeah I'm here now\""
"11663" "\"I meant with words. not actions.\""
"11664" "\"skip that class and hit that bong\""
"11665" "\"Jennings need to stop early shooting. Let the offense drive and kick. It's worked the past 18+ games.\""
"11666" "\"unfortunately that's always a possibility...\""
"11667" "\"hi jessica..gudluck on ur singing career..we filipinos are very proud of u:)\""
"11668" "\"Thank you u r quite an amazing woman.\""
"11669" "\"MTV posted on their website about that casting but there was another email address so I re-sent my info to that one!\""
"11670" "\"basketball in north carolina!\""
"11671" "\"hii Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?\""
"11672" "\"Funny how people like didn't make a big deal when President George Bush campaigned on the taxpayer's dime.\""
"11673" "\"Only would win concert tickets! lol\""
"11674" "\"lol idk why you tried me\""
"11675" "\"Bollywood singing time\""
"11676" "\"somehow I'm wide awake this morning\""
"11677" "\"Sad day for America RT : Absolutely sad day for North Carolina. Mega bummer.\""
"11678" "\"no its not lol\""
"11679" "\"i need some new delivery salesmen. the folks i got now act like they don't wanna make money at 2-3 am.\""
"11680" "\"you're such a hottie, please follow me.\""
"11681" "\"\\": I hate the radio\\"\""
"11682" "\"are you sure you don't moonlight as a marketing genius ???\""
"11683" "\"1st stage of follow widget bug fixed: those lost are reinstated (yey!). Those who followed since will appear soon. Apologies to all.\""
"11684" "\"What a day, aleady\""
"11685" "\"Season's Tweetings: If you know one professional Santa, you’re bohemian, arty, and avant garde. If you know two, you’re a freak.\""
"11686" "\"smh then give me better ones\""
"11687" "\"naw its today\""
"11688" "\"Awesome job by of spreading rumors of a Rose injury. Great journalism.\""
"11689" "\"Always good to see my bro\""
"11690" "\"Keep up the Great work Mary Peveto!\""
"11691" "\"I know, hehe.\""
"11692" "\"I don't think you realize, I was dying inside.....\""
"11693" "\"Do we have it? I didn't get a text.\""
"11694" "\"Just finished watching the season premier of #JerseyShore and makes my life feel sane.\""
"11695" "\"Well, it finally happened. I finished every Felicity season. Now I can have my life back\""
"11696" "\"Doing mad statistics\""
"11697" "\"we actually are looking into it! Maybe we need to do a test run and ship you some! ;-) which is your favorite?\""
"11698" "\"I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater\""
"11699" "\"Damn..I got my hours cut today. Now what to do??\""
"11700" "\"my shoulders are burnt so bad :(\""
"11701" "\"Why do really square white people in their thirties think that using the word \\"peeps\\" make them cool?\""
"11702" "\"Done with class for the semester, grinding out for finals the next couple of days and home in a week.\""
"11703" "\"Office space hoes\""
"11704" "\"Hilarious listening to Dirk Nowitzki getting excited on the sidelines as a guest on the Mavs' broadcast.\""
"11705" "\"just downloaded like 20 new songs<3\""
"11706" "\"+ Vigil and Volition~\""
"11707" "\"Put down the crack pipe that is Portal 2. DOWN.\""
"11708" "\"Trade has \\"branded\\" it the \\"official retirement\\" home; a lie; it has only ever had 1 NYC carriage horse, we'll see.\""
"11709" "\"The average age of Facebook users is 55-65!!\""
"11710" "\"All of the pollen in the universe is in my nose right now...\""
"11711" "\"wow, that's fantastic news in a year when everything else seems to be going wrong! Congratulations.\""
"11712" "\"OMG THAT PLACE SOUNDS SO GAY\""
"11713" "\"Delmon Young and Mel Gibson need to star in a comedy about two drunk guys stranded in Tel Aviv or Skokie.\""
"11714" "\"rock on.\""
"11715" "\"I have this insane craving for tacos all of a sudden.\""
"11716" "\"the stickers keep me going\""
"11717" "\"Lazy Sunday afternoon with my favorite kiddos.\""
"11718" "\"haha just got home. figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :)\""
"11719" "\"Great fun playing Commons today in NYC , but tragedy of the commons: that we can't revisit our photos. Next time!\""
"11720" "\"yes it does :)\""
"11721" "\"RT : RT : RT please please pray for my dad who is in hospital :( please dm me or just retweet this\""
"11722" "\"Words make you think a thought. Music makes you feel a feeling. A song makes you feel a thought.\""
"11723" "\"I got no respect for random asses who follow me and then unfollow me. Oh you look cool? That's so cute cuz all of twitter hates you\""
"11724" "\"CONGRATULATIONS!!! Good reason to miss\""
"11725" "\"Humidity feels like I'm breathing in someone else's air...\""
"11726" "\"The graduating class of 2012 was a memorable one im going to miss so many of you.\""
"11727" "\"Thanks and It's great to have fans! Off to a friend's holiday party, of course with brownies.\""
"11728" "\"Stay classy. : or better yet u can die back in ur anti American hole!!!\""
"11729" "\"Katie Couric once drew a picture of me for which I paid her $1. And another $1 for her to kiss it. The picture, I mean.\""
"11730" "\"Thank you , for becoming our 200th follower <3\""
"11731" "\"Can i just kill target...\""
"11732" "\"Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.\""
"11733" "\"So I called that number Sean Kingston posted and it went to voicemail but the voicemail was full. Lol.\""
"11734" "\"cool cool.. check out my boy Dwight Junior. @ www.youtube.com/watchdwight\""
"11735" "\"Reporting on env increasingly \\"hazardous duty pay\\" -- focus of today's column I'll write for SEJournal. It's ugly out there.\""
"11736" "\"Pretty excited to head back home to Chicago (only for work, oh well...) tomorrow... and an IKEA trip obviously.\""
"11737" "\"Wow! Very nice.\""
"11738" "\"is it bad that when I was half asleep reading this I thought Gary was making a comeback and Os were interested\""
"11739" "\"don't worry, he is working on yet another one for marketing technology.\""
"11740" "\"#teamprince b glad u r free many a.man who's not free to go most anywhere anytime free from the 1999 album love this song as I do all his\""
"11741" "\"well thats not a good start\""
"11742" "\"do you know how many tickets are being sold? I'm out of the country til Monday... Think I'm safe getting them then?\""
"11743" "\"thanks for thinking of me. We should be in NYC by noon on the 17th. Let me know what you need help with.\""
"11744" "\"can you start tweeting more? It makes managing you so much easier.\""
"11745" "\"What is up w/nonexistent dating these days? U boyz want the prize w/o the feat of accomplishment...epic fail! #sigh, #boyssuck, #fail,\""
"11746" "\"ha. ok hop on a plane.\""
"11747" "\"You need some clean protein like #Ahi and complex carbs #rice and rest! #followus #SanJose #eat healthy!\""
"11748" "\"Tyson- that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love.\""
"11749" "\"\\": Didn't Fewell yell that to when he deflected a pass to #Respect”\\"BING CAN PLAY BIG\""
"11750" "\"the song came on hahaha:P\""
"11751" "\"app world was a PAIN to download, sign up and never let me download an app. no wonder people are abandoning blackberry 4 iphone\""
"11752" "\"Yea Matt Weiters!\""
"11753" "\"good game guys, dont let this get to you! we are still\""
"11754" "\"Cleaning + Shakira = DANCING (burning fat) lol\""
"11755" "\"Back in Vegas.\""
"11756" "\"FWIW the loss of Michael Pineda for the season potentially had very little impact on the #Yankees forecast.\""
"11757" "\"Real-time google analytics = awesomeness. Bye bye\""
"11758" "\"joshua tree taught me the sumptuousness of silence.\""
"11759" "\"Better start buying more gold & silver!\""
"11760" "\"Javier Colon now Jermaine Paul.... What the.. Where are the women\""
"11761" "\"Some older people heard our music called us freaks and said they were surprised we don't have a hundred kids\""
"11762" "\"Back at Atlanta\""
"11763" "\"can't wait to kick ass on the softball field!\""
"11764" "\"Hella glow sticks, coloring book and crayons. Perfume balloons and more all from you make my life! <3\""
"11765" "\"editing walls with\""
"11766" "\"Heading home for what's left of my weekend. I'm leaving you in the hands of my capable co-worker Peace Homies!!!\""
"11767" "\"Wine Quote of The Day(grape your brain) Wine is the thinking person's health drink. ~Dr. Phillip Norrie\""
"11768" "\"Another Happy Realtor.... Docs at Tile 10 days prior to closing!\""
"11769" "\"spend work time finding resources, tools that make your institutions evolve\""
"11770" "\"email me for more info.\""
"11771" "\"Thx very much!\""
"11772" "\"Agreed. Instead we got, we won why are we talking about this? SMH RT : Should have been addressed sooner.\""
"11773" "\"#YouGetMayjorPointsIf You know where the kitchen is and know how to use it\""
"11774" "\"yea you need to sleep calmer. Freak.\""
"11775" "\"Great event this morning with ! Thanks for joining us et al.\""
"11776" "\"How can you be a top 100 player of all-time and not be in the HOF? Let's make this right this year.\""
"11777" "\"RT : That gives me chills. She was in mid. school when she met Rebecca at my motherhood panel.\""
"11778" "\"What was your username before? Maybe i'll remember! aha\""
"11779" "\"Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love.\""
"11780" "\"first thing that popped into my mind too..\""
"11781" "\"I'm judging the PrideFest parade!! I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night.. Just sayin..\""
"11782" "\"A plan without corresponding action equals failure. Some fake pride in what they could have been\""
"11783" "\"We're sorry, we had them! We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:(\""
"11784" "\"Every bag of trash left behind costs FoLT $10 that we dont have. Please pack it out, darlin'\""
"11785" "\"Just found out this AM that is off to China… Me? I'm going to SJ this weekend. Not cool.\""
"11786" "\"it's the truth in writing. I didn't say it, it's on the NCAA website\""
"11787" "\"just put some awesome videos up on Youtube from Tipitina's Sunday Music Workshop featuring some very special young guests!\""
"11788" "\"You look like a lose cannon to hahahahaha. You probably wild as a motherfucker\""
"11789" "\"Linnton resident reminds us about the potential 4 a large earthquake. Asks that emergency mgmt be elevated in plan. Says watch 11th Hou\""
"11790" "\"Taking a Look at the Philadelphia Eagles Revamped LB Corps - SB Nation\""
"11791" "\"have completed self-evaluation and sent it on! I am triumphant! Now I just need to create next year's plan.\""
"11792" "\"Rise N Grind\""
"11793" "\"oh my!! I wanna taste that rainbow!\""
"11794" "\"HEY! YOU! WRITE A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER. Let me rephrase: YOU'RE WRITING A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER.\""
"11795" "\"Help us get to 1,000 followers so we can release some actual footage!\""
"11796" "\"Support our friends: “: Come by the Menil Bookstore this Sat.9/25 for Museum District Day--check out new children's books.”\""
"11797" "\"Here's a helpful fact - Granite is more resistant to bacterial contamination than any other solid surface, except stainless steel.\""
"11798" "\"If you have not checked out #TheFab5, you really need to see it! One of the best #ESPNFilms ever!\""
"11799" "\"Nice one! I like the Joe-ish blur in the background.\""
"11800" "\"Yea-looking for you tube partners meaning those who have contracts and have revenue sharing based on views.\""
"11801" "\"It’s easy to make a buck. It’s a lot tougher to make a difference.\""
"11802" "\"When your 'Going Through' don't forget the most important part...You Are \\"Going THROUGH' which means U will make it out in Due Time.\""
"11803" "\"Ed Rapuano should shower up and call it a night.\""
"11804" "\"NICE!!! Good call man\""
"11805" "\"it's okay if you do. They're really cool guys!\""
"11806" "\"still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up & go to school..\""
"11807" "\"You have been found! Come out slowly with your hands in the air...\""
"11808" "\"RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games! The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!\""
"11809" "\"follow back? ;)\""
"11810" "\"why Keith????\""
"11811" "\"dude, i saw you last night.\""
"11812" "\"so this girl i was dating for 6 months she was amazing she was what i was looking for. Then i was dumb and told her i had\""
"11813" "\"next time you are in richmond we will take you there bro, its a nice place\""
"11814" "\"off for a little while . hopefully when i get back on i'll have more followers <3 love you\""
"11815" "\"Where's the party?\""
"11816" "\"Gahhh I just don't know what to do :(\""
"11817" "\"We hope you get to come visit us next year in Fort Worth for #txla13 - our 100th conference!\""
"11818" "\"you're not shedding pounds by walking everywhere in the city?\""
"11819" "\"screw what up?\""
"11820" "\"New behavioral attribute I am looking for more in top-notch #eyecare #job applicants is Patience. Patience=Compliments=More New Patients.\""
"11821" "\"Not a fan of Bachmann, but when was the last time you put an outtake picture of a male politician on your cover? Just a question.\""
"11822" "\"woot woot Jenna. Happy new year to you and yours, Jenna! ♥ ♥ ♥\""
"11823" "\"I frikkin love you too 😍\""
"11824" "\"I'll take the lot!\""
"11825" "\"M, dark chocolate snickers...yuuuuuummmmm!!!!\""
"11826" "\"We don't really need to hear from Bud after every game.\""
"11827" "\"work and Money and avoiding these silly women lol let me ask you a question what is your ethnicity?\""
"11828" "\"Why can't they understand the way we feel. They just can't trust what they can't explain\""
"11829" "\"... As 4 the other comments these guys are 21-22.Who among us hasn't greatly matured since that age?\""
"11830" "\"keep the tebowing coming\""
"11831" "\"lol - ok i'll find something fun for us to do :) i owe you a call tomorrow anyway.\""
"11832" "\"Andrea is an outstanding, positive professional and special person. Congrats Andrea!\""
"11833" "\"MEMORIAL DAY IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! Get your graphic orders in by the 28th of May & receive 50% off a Pristine Empire Shirt or Hoodie\""
"11834" "\"Times like these make me really love the family I've built in SF. Love all of you.\""
"11835" "\"I know what you mean when you gettin back to Conway\""
"11836" "\"Sometimes I feel like I dance better when I'm wearing pointe shoes.\""
"11837" "\"Ew, don't even! -shakes head-\""
"11838" "\"oh you will when I hold a knife to your head!\""
"11839" "\"I have a serious question for all my twitter followers... New York Giants, or 'NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS(:'?\""
"11840" "\"I guess my point is that *best* means nothing. If Grease 2 is a favorite film, then you'd make a case for why its \\"the best.\\"\""
"11841" "\"Luckily I was recording. Wow -- he was fantastic. And that jacket was spectacular too!\""
"11842" "\"sorry Nate nothing compares to tootsie rolls\""
"11843" "\"#ExpertVisibilityTip: Cross promote across your own platforms! Send your videos to your email list, tweet your blog posts, etc.\""
"11844" "\"Lol they're all so funny!(:\""
"11845" "\"Will check it out. Thanks! Too bad no tweeps in room to share that with!\""
"11846" "\"Phone glass replaced!! Looking brand new. Life is good. Happy birthday to me.\""
"11847" "\"#NASCAR fans - what is your favorite race track? Mine is\""
"11848" "\"I feel it's important to go right into the Booth after the argument. voice\""
"11849" "\"Coldstone and metro with holly :)\""
"11850" "\"I think this LU tour guide is scaring the visitors away..\""
"11851" "\"I assure you I will get back to you soon! :)\""
"11852" "\"why is it so hard to get you to follow me?\""
"11853" "\"Missing my baby boy.\""
"11854" "\"Still any chances any get leaked Twitter...\""
"11855" "\"Ugggghhh, tell me about it. BTW-I have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it <g>.\""
"11856" "\"I want my princeton . That's my xmas gift to me.\\"\""
"11857" "\"We Are About To Through Up Some Tracks Done By JPryme!!\""
"11858" "\"Everything is going to be different this year...\""
"11859" "\"Our good friends The Trophy Fire play The Great American Music Hall with DREDG tonight. Love the new tracks, Ben...sounding great!\""
"11860" "\"Its better to have stayed away if u've never seen it before. Bad projection= bad 1st viewing. Watch 's DVD instead\""
"11861" "\"Ovid It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy\""
"11862" "\"One of the advantages of having to work on a weekend in Alaska...being able to catch United live!!\""
"11863" "\"#Niallisbeautiful We all love you man, keep your head up <3\""
"11864" "\"About to meet with a potential client in Grand Prairie, TX. Wish me luck.\""
"11865" "\"A Relationship isnt Based On The Length Of Time u Have Spent Together but Based On The Foundation uve Built Together The GOOD BAD n the UGLY\""
"11866" "\"So excited for today hope to see everyone there today it should be so much fun!\""
"11867" "\"No clue. I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :)\""
"11868" "\"Are there any Valentine's themed treats?\""
"11869" "\"no problem ! It was done so good I like it ! How long did it take ?\""
"11870" "\"But why? WHY?\""
"11871" "\"Omg, icing my calves = the price of running minimal... Worth it?\""
"11872" "\"that is so beautiful... I'm so jealous! Are you a master sailor now?\""
"11873" "\"hey now that would be me :(\""
"11874" "\"Who is that no name guy that won the Grammy against Nicki Minsk n J.cole ? Who the fuck is that guy lol\""
"11875" "\"I may have to go. Thanks\""
"11876" "\"Cant wait for the love that \\" APRO.PK \\" will give in penny stocks this week\""
"11877" "\"well just so you know Wayne is using you for the four days when most people vote...\""
"11878" "\"You're very welcome. Glad to help. I could forward you a couple other emails from the weekend as well.\""
"11879" "\"being made fun of for the way i stand<<<\""
"11880" "\"Apparently squirrels in my yard aren't that smart.\""
"11881" "\"Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti #lamayor lamayorforum\""
"11882" "\"kick's off February 2morrow at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine w/ new items on their menu that u won't want to miss! (5:30-9pm)\""
"11883" "\"Living in my memories, cause what I'm doing now just isn't relevant. I need a new action plan!\""
"11884" "\"honey that's what I been waiting on but clearly you arent capable of doing that...\""
"11885" "\"NYSP2I director Anahita Williamson is in Albany now! Would u like to arrange in-studio interview with her?\""
"11886" "\"20 years ago today Jeffrey #Dahmer was arrested in Mke. Can't believe it has been that long. Thanks to Lady Di for reminding me.\""
"11887" "\"Come end your jazzfest with Groovesect tonight outside of Liuzza's By The Track, N Lopez Street, right outside of the Fairgrounds, 7pm!!!\""
"11888" "\"#sschat Planning on trying a QR code scavenger hunt for a review activity...any tips from those who have used these in the classroom.\""
"11889" "\"I'm makin' to keep you by my side keep you from walkin' out the door...\""
"11890" "\"#theinternqueen is about to take the stage!\""
"11891" "\"do you wanna be in a facebook group for chicago beliebers? let me know and i can add you(:\""
"11892" "\"kobe may be the player I have most hated in any sport.\""
"11893" "\"I wanted to ask is your podcast on iTunes? :-)\""
"11894" "\"#edcampcincy. learning how to do twitter!\""
"11895" "\"I’m pretty sure the whole “ladies first” thing was created by a guy that just wanted to check out a girl's ass.\""
"11896" "\"Just finished a session on Merge. Two cashes and one final table kk<AJ. Now chilling with\""
"11897" "\"My first celebrity follower!!\""
"11898" "\"When is your new mixtape coming out??\""
"11899" "\"Omg I was just called a asshole, idk what do. Think ima go and cry....psh foh.\""
"11900" "\"Saturday night bitches!\""
"11901" "\"wish I knew about this! I would have love to have gone!\""
"11902" "\"Jets fans: \\"The fish rots from the head down.\\"\""
"11903" "\"Someone should play draw something with me!!!!! Username is Michael1394\""
"11904" "\"Happy Easter!\""
"11905" "\"MT : Congratulations are in order! Prof. 's won Best Documentary at the Bare Bones Film Festival!\""
"11906" "\"Sophomores: Damn I hate this place. Fuck school. Fuck teachers. Fuck everyone this isn't fun anymore.\""
"11907" "\"First show of the year tonight at The Paseo Underground! Who's going to be there!? 18/$10, 21+/$5 Doors at 9!\""
"11908" "\"AUSTIN IS NOT A JUSTIN WANNABE!!!!! HE LOOKS UP TO HIM.\""
"11909" "\"Plan for today: 1. Get up 2. Be amazing 3. Go back to bed\""
"11910" "\"RT : Comfort food is a myth. Once when I felt blue, I sat in a pot of mashed potatoes. Didn't cheer me up at all.\""
"11911" "\"my swag is;)\""
"11912" "\"Call Me Fool !\""
"11913" "\"enjoy our music :)\""
"11914" "\"We had a great time at #Chilibrew in hampden last weekend. Looking forward to summer fun, food, an baltimore night life this summer.\""
"11915" "\"My book club just did the 1st book. We all thought it was good but not always well written. I think your work is much better!\""
"11916" "\"My boredom at the moment is overwhelming :P aha\""
"11917" "\"Ughh snow! Dx Go away and plz dont come back till im dead!!!!\""
"11918" "\"Hey!! Met u tonight at PWU. That was fun!!\""
"11919" "\"At your house! ;)\""
"11920" "\"would love 2 have some of the functionality of the android app on the web platform. e.g. titling bookmarks, etc\""
"11921" "\"it is you cant do none bt post piccz boring :-)\""
"11922" "\"oh my dear lord. So cute.\""
"11923" "\"Hoes were jealous, but wouldn't admit it. Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it.\""
"11924" "\"Thanks a million!! :)\""
"11925" "\"#ICantDateYou I have an expensive taste in cigars!!!\""
"11926" "\"I'm looking for more people to follow me that love the Green Bay Packers and love weather along with storm chasing! Plz suggest me to others\""
"11927" "\"Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?\""
"11928" "\"February 1st....all have a nice month!!!!\""
"11929" "\"What r #thoseladies up 2? This ladie is with her momma Yay!\""
"11930" "\"In the meantime, we'll have to eat maximum NY pizza while we still can!\""
"11931" "\"Come with me, hail mary.\""
"11932" "\"no car needed \\"The KC Strip Trolley will provide FREE rides during on a Fest Loop from Dark Horse to Record Bar\\"\""
"11933" "\"TRACY STILL! DAMN lol\""
"11934" "\"Thank you, I will! But only after this kid gets a little coffee in her! Haha! :)\""
"11935" "\"#np Dino Jr Several Shades of Why. Kinda different, I presume. RT downloaded '50 Shades of Grey' And\""
"11936" "\"As I am planning my four days in California I am nearly breathless with how crazy my schedule is going to be! Phew!\""
"11937" "\"“: Just thinking about highschool next year panics me to the point of not being able to sleep at ngiht.” It sucks..\""
"11938" "\"where are you watching the game?Are you pumped?\""
"11939" "\"NY will be missed, looking forward to breathing again outside the big bubble.\""
"11940" "\"what i do??\""
"11941" "\"Are you going to the Q on Friday for Junior's Celebration of Life?\""
"11942" "\"always had a soft spot for the early Ez of the teens & 20s, \\"the Pound era.\\" He was downhill all the way from there, alas x\""
"11943" "\"listen children and you will hear...today's the anniversary of the midnight ride of Paul Revere!\""
"11944" "\"GO MAVS. RT : I seriously couldn't care less about this darvish crap. It ain't baseball season yet. Chill out.\""
"11945" "\"either way, it's a good day for meatballs\""
"11946" "\"Great Keynote!\""
"11947" "\"thanks for having faith in me\""
"11948" "\"#FF Follow Friday What Kind of Jobs are you looking for?\""
"11949" "\"Just bought some new monitors for the studio Genelec 1031a's cannot wait to get the beatz jackin on these :-) !!!!\""
"11950" "\"I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.❤\""
"11951" "\"That's it. Im buying another motorcycle\""
"11952" "\"Thanks for a lovely time at #geekswhodrink tonight: the dubstep TV theme song audio round was awesome...\""
"11953" "\"So my lawyer told me the defendant left the country how do you do that.\""
"11954" "\"it's the new and improved hakunah MATATA\""
"11955" "\"if there's this big party going on inside the barrel that you get to enjoy, that we don't see. like the movie Contact.\""
"11956" "\"Gonna walk over to Olivias dorm room and sing her to sleep haha..\""
"11957" "\"You can use twitpic . com too!\""
"11958" "\"that was an amazingly touching performance. He is bound to get an award for that someday soon.\""
"11959" "\"Kenny Rogers looks no different ???\""
"11960" "\"Just passed a Peter Lik gallery.. Definitely stopping in there before I leave.. I could see his work a million times & never get sick of it\""
"11961" "\"My friends turned on gay boyband music. I locked myself in bathroom screamed rock band songs until I literally started coughing up blood.:-(\""
"11962" "\"SWAMP COOLER TIP: Place a couple of fans about to circulate the cool air from the cooler. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!\""
"11963" "\"LOL. u followed me at some point. sometimes twitter deletes follows.\""
"11964" "\"you mad now lol\""
"11965" "\"please follow me, #14days i cant wait. #BOYFRIEND ♥\""
"11966" "\"damn. Just read that and watched the videos. Guess I'm buying that!!\""
"11967" "\"It is the first day of Spring! Isn't it time to Spring Forward in your life? Coach Terry\""
"11968" "\"thanks! look for my other co-authored article in ITAL this month too :)\""
"11969" "\"what did you have? I usually get the Tuscan Eggs. And their homemade donut holes are DREAMY!\""
"11970" "\"I dont need a fucked up relationship to ruin me been living life wit my bros alec brandon dj josh and all my friends.! Fuck love\""
"11971" "\"heck yes bailey. one of the best!\""
"11972" "\"peace brother!!!\""
"11973" "\"I'm only one person. I'm only human. What do the \\"people\\" really want from me? I get migraines daily tryna to figure the ways of \\"people\\"\""
"11974" "\"Stop on by and say hello at Interfolio's booth #43. You can also stop by to enter to win an iPad 2. #Winning!\""
"11975" "\"welcome to twitter\""
"11976" "\"We believe that Waco is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)\""
"11977" "\"yeah, I usually like him too. But you're right. Antagonizing #BBN is how some of them make a living. We're just that powerful!\""
"11978" "\"Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.\""
"11979" "\"Pokerstars pros out in full force today in 8 game mix, now playing with nachobarebero\""
"11980" "\"I wish bbc America actually catered to x pats searching for unbiased news from home..failed shows from home hurt the eyes. Now.\""
"11981" "\"Right, with the Roman Empire and their plans to take over the earth. Theme was spot on for your ‘world peace’ statement.\""
"11982" "\"hell yea most on fan tho\""
"11983" "\"Its two cold out for this.! Glad I brouqht pants lol\""
"11984" "\"I'm in the auditoreum Beyond Facebook & Twitter. Def. cookies, next! :)\""
"11985" "\"you have some hair. I am jealous.\""
"11986" "\"Taking tips & advice for my July trip to #ChiangMai, must-do's and must-see's needed please! tiger park? elephant camp?\""
"11987" "\"He sent me a winky face\""
"11988" "\"I miss you too! College Alegbra is kicking my butt...think I failed my last test! AH! Let's! :D\""
"11989" "\"Damn!! Cotto needs to catch him with one power shot to the right of his jaw...if this goes to the cards... Mayweather wins bet!\""
"11990" "\"Late night work snack: TJ's Speculoos straight from the jar. To make up for that salad I had for dinner.\""
"11991" "\"very cool!\""
"11992" "\"Hope everyone had a great THanksgiving!\""
"11993" "\"Do men/women pick out their own wedding rings? Or is it a surprise (appearance of ring) on wedding?\""
"11994" "\"jealous! Hope you and and you fans have a blast!\""
"11995" "\"is your phone being weird?\""
"11996" "\"Yeah! You guys are doing a good thing. We appreciate your customer service. Keep up the good work!\""
"11997" "\"according to a certain caller uk should go ahead n retire Pete Maravich's jersey even though he didn't play for uk. thoughts?\""
"11998" "\"Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7. Hope to see you both down the MMA road.\""
"11999" "\"Watching the only *pure* baseball left remaining ..and that's college baseball. Geaux Tigers!\""
"12000" "\"lmao i promise i will !\""
"12001" "\"Yours fucking bitch. Why do you talk to me like that?\""
"12002" "\"It's 6 degrees outside with a wind chill factor of WTF?\""
"12003" "\"do you have 3 tickets?\""
"12004" "\"Can't wait! RT : We're excited to have you and have got some deliciousness waiting for everyone!\""
"12005" "\"I love you <3\""
"12006" "\"Home with my babie finally .. best feeling !\""
"12007" "\"and I are getting married. <3 =)\""
"12008" "\"Things Longer Than Kim's Marriage: Her hair, the prenup, C.J.'s Column about it, the drive to Hollywood from MPLS, Humphries's career....\""
"12009" "\"With Scorpio it's impossible to answer without seeing the chart. Sorry. That's just the way it is right now :)\""
"12010" "\"oooooohhhhhh what you do?!?!?!\""
"12011" "\"Decaf?!?! Decaf!!?!?? That last bag of coffee in the cabinet is decaf?!?? I'm gonna have to.... (thud) Z...\""
"12012" "\"It doesn't matter how old you are if you love that person you love them and nothing can change that. Age is nothing\""
"12013" "\"Finished digging out the car, had second breakfast, reading Plato, when's nap-time?\""
"12014" "\"OMG, that's fantastic! She needs a fetching leather cap & goggles...RT : Amelia of course!\""
"12015" "\"Why Can't I Have Them!?! Selfish\""
"12016" "\"D3 loses by a larger score. Both teams have a lot to build on.\""
"12017" "\"I want to watch That's my boy when it comes out(:\""
"12018" "\"She's handicapping the handicapped. Why not address some of the substance, e.g., the class-war and extremism?\""
"12019" "\"woo! See u soon! We're about to start booking SD shows ;D\""
"12020" "\"sending a s/o back at you!!\""
"12021" "\"I know. Nothing waiting on my friend to hmu Im bout to fall asleep waiting. :-/\""
"12022" "\"love ♥ love ♥ love\""
"12023" "\"don't start sumthin u can't finish\""
"12024" "\"Plus if you don't participate nor vote, you don't have a voice. Sit the fuck down.\""
"12025" "\"She's living in Corpus. I'm from down there. Port A.\""
"12026" "\"its not wade, its about chemistry. Id start shane battier at the 2 & bring jason terry off the bench. They'd win a ring\""
"12027" "\"Here's a special shoutout to everyone who supported our new collection so far! Thanks for all the orders this weekend\""
"12028" "\"Am I the only one who notices that Mr. Peanut is a cannibal? Hm. M.\""
"12029" "\"Had a random dream about .. Creepy. But he's sexy;)\""
"12030" "\"Then no football tomorrow\""
"12031" "\"romper weather :)\""
"12032" "\"best movie ever !\""
"12033" "\"oh man. Awesome.\""
"12034" "\"#GetAustinToTheTop10 im so awesome(: joke. AUSTINS AWESOME(:\""
"12035" "\"You're too kind! It was pretty darn good, to be honest! Intense flavor. I'd like to try the other flavors as well.\""
"12036" "\"we should go golfing! Like, I wanna do so much this spring break .____.\""
"12037" "\"#SquaredFact Lexii is 5'2 and a half she's short for a high schooler!\""
"12038" "\"haha we need to stalk it too I guess. We tried to get it and it was good and gone.\""
"12039" "\"oh so welcome!\""
"12040" "\"Dear John\""
"12041" "\"Sometimes giving someone a second chance is like...giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.\""
"12042" "\"He's so annoying.\""
"12043" "\"An extra bonus for the person who photoshops Hilary Rosen into Million Dollar Baby. (what can't she do!)\""
"12044" "\"To all of you who think north koreans are \\"mourning\\"..get the fuck out from under the rock in which you live. They are scared and hated him.\""
"12045" "\"Troy Aikman calling Brady, \\"Montana like drive\\" so spot on!!!!\""
"12046" "\"yeah he pounds on my dad!!\""
"12047" "\"thanks for being a part of what we do to make #RVA a better place for all.\""
"12048" "\"We Haven't Talked in Forever\""
"12049" "\"i love how it starts, \\"get this,\\"\""
"12050" "\"all have to grind sometimes.\""
"12051" "\"I can *assure* you, it is worth watching. It'll hook you. And I don't like 1) scary or 2) zombies.\""
"12052" "\"agreed. Have fun!\""
"12053" "\"I've joined the iPhone club, finally. Love it. Much better than my failing Driod.\""
"12054" "\"Create a new account 🎀 Follow --> :)\""
"12055" "\"i hope 2day be cool\""
"12056" "\"Up can't.sleep....call me\""
"12057" "\"Don't text me after 11 today.\""
"12058" "\":) ... ayye im gettin sleepy gurl... so just hit me up tomorrow.... goodnite love!!!!!!!!!!\""
"12059" "\"Should probably start looking for a summer job...\""
"12060" "\"Going up the steps with and she tripped and fell...laughed for about 5 mins...\""
"12061" "\"Html and css dominate my life right now\""
"12062" "\"Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs leading early in the 2nd half 40-24.\""
"12063" "\"Your LOUD smile's awesome, my friend!! So great to see you! =D\""
"12064" "\"Not as easily as you'd think! Waiting on Google for a response to my Analytics feedback questions, and will write about that too\""
"12065" "\"Geeking out tonite in the stacks prepping for a presentation to SXSWers interested in \\"Infinite Jest and the Internet\\"\""
"12066" "\"Another cute guy but Im looking all scrubby. Not in my elemt today bro.\""
"12067" "\"#GoTribe Cant wait for the NFL draft or the NBA playoffs !!!!!!!!! Go Tribe 7-2 on there road trip !!!!!\""
"12068" "\"following you can you follow back?\""
"12069" "\"That awkward little dance your thumbs do when you don’t know how to reply to someones text…\""
"12070" "\"Stomach making weird gurgling noises.... why am I hungry?!? I had a big dinner!!\""
"12071" "\"Reading details of our financial collapse in THE BIG SHORT - seems it always at the center, perpetrating outlandish fraud.\""
"12072" "\"BREAKING: Huge fire on Maple Ave in Seekonk. Large industrial complex turned into an inferno.\""
"12073" "\"Happy Friday!\""
"12074" "\"Thank you so much ! :) LOL\""
"12075" "\"yes mam :)) ima come to ur house when i get off and we can go from there\""
"12076" "\"Sleeping is my drug..... my bed is my dealer..... and my alarm clock is the police... :p\""
"12077" "\"creepy! I hope your AC ResLife experience with THE SHADOW came in handy ;-)\""
"12078" "\"Lil'Wegi Just did a show I was Crazy Lol...\""
"12079" "\"I wish you would.\""
"12080" "\"Victoria was beautiful!! Absolutely wonderful!\""
"12081" "\"Is there anything that's closed that CANNOT be open? says it's just a matter of will and interest.\""
"12082" "\"It's gross but you have to wash them in tomato juice... We had to do it to my dog once.\""
"12083" "\"Life can be so stressful sometimes, it's important to remember what really matters: a cheap laugh at someone else's expense.\""
"12084" "\"thanks anna\""
"12085" "\"“: working on that / Bk Lounge #Mixtape” ..it's about to be ridiculous...\""
"12086" "\"RT : Roundtable with #AS Health Activists today! Tweet along #HAroundtable at 12p EST\""
"12087" "\"Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize draw coming up in just 1 days.\""
"12088" "\"Hey just got to work?...where have you been???? The FIRST response to this debacle and you're an HOUR LATE.\""
"12089" "\"The devil is very clever... Knows right when to attack our minds. #staystrong! He hates to see us happy or being thankful to God\""
"12090" "\"amazing cosmetics pressed mineral powder and maybeline one by one (coral tube) the colossal I heard has a strong scent\""
"12091" "\"also get their own tweet because I also didn't forget them.\""
"12092" "\"We are sorry for any inconvenience. We will pass your comment along to our programmers. Thank you for your patience!\""
"12093" "\"And it's only Monday \""
"12094" "\"Totally normal. The new normal, that is...\""
"12095" "\"Our bassist just made a twitter so follow him and the rest of us that have a twitter!\""
"12096" "\"Bring in ten friends to sign up and get one year free!\""
"12097" "\"Is that a rhetorical question? ;-)\""
"12098" "\"Well stated RT : Appeal ofNFL bounty penalties will be test of CBA grievance lang. Very imp. Assume NFL is correct: PA renegotiating.\""
"12099" "\"haha ok *rolls eyes* text me.?\""
"12100" "\"RT : Happy to pass #THATCamp Bay Area baton to & Planning begun for Fall 2011! Want to help?\""
"12101" "\"Hey Lebron, you should take your talents to Hollywood. Your acting career would probably flourish better there\""
"12102" "\"you're welcome! enjoy cc RT : Sweet potato #popchips are amazeballs!! Thanks for the vday treats\""
"12103" "\"okay I'm officially amazed. Kids these days are so smart.\""
"12104" "\"what do you call a fish with no eye?\""
"12105" "\"I suppose that is going to be the big question.\""
"12106" "\"watching burlesque <3\""
"12107" "\": Way to spell happiness correctly.\""
"12108" "\"will definitely be taking advantage at my next O's game.\""
"12109" "\"I have to hold myself back from peppering messages liberally with :) -- but how else will they know I CARE!!!!1\""
"12110" "\"If I sat in the stands, I'd wear my favorite color: red.\""
"12111" "\"the convenience of humanity / a lifeless body of thoughts remain on this ground tonight\""
"12112" "\"wish I had been more productive this weekend; playing catch-up is no fun.\""
"12113" "\"ah roid rage! Sosa and McGuire! To jack asses\""
"12114" "\"I am one.\""
"12115" "\"Ratchet girls from butzel embarrassing us in Tustin Michigan. :-O\""
"12116" "\"we are loving your coverage on TBD! Keep up the good coverage.\""
"12117" "\"Your Weird O.O !\""
"12118" "\"Can't stop playing draw something\""
"12119" "\"Who's excited for the Grand Re-Opening and 1-Year Anniversary party tomorrow?! Food, prizes, classes, and competitions!\""
"12120" "\"Book challenge policies are supposed to prevent knee-jerk reactions. Guess it offended \\"community standards\\"?\""
"12121" "\"9) Ask yourself, “what am I pretending not to see?”. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #10 coming in 4 hours.\""
"12122" "\"Baseball starts today! I'm extremely excited. Who's going all the way this year?\""
"12123" "\"VINNY or MIKEY !\""
"12124" "\"Keith David! I miss seeing him in real shit\""
"12125" "\"yeah he did. I hope we play Moore now just so works the kid that got his spot. Backbone tonight!\""
"12126" "\"I still can't believe my brother who is in 6th grade is bigger than me..\""
"12127" "\"TTG TRAIN TO GO\""
"12128" "\"Also calls DeMaio \\"city establishment\\". No personal agenda here, just interesting perception non-SD pollsters have.\""
"12129" "\"I've almost said it to my students ... It IS a Smith thing (& you need that certain Smithie-type overachiever angst to work it)\""
"12130" "\"SATURDAY Small Tempest, The Light Clear Conscience, Thin of the Meadow, Hills Like Hemingway $14\""
"12131" "\"Oreo Ice Cream<3 ahh something to calm me down😄\""
"12132" "\"yeah, i'm scared too\""
"12133" "\"even small inst like +powerful than indiv ppl. \\"carry a big stick!\\" says ; \\"some ppl don't even have sticks!\\" is reply.\""
"12134" "\"The answer is NO.\""
"12135" "\"It was really fun! Great to see you! Hugs!!!\""
"12136" "\"There's also TW Food, and Highland Kitchen -- the latter probly less quiet, though on a Monday who knows...\""
"12137" "\"everyone is different, i fainted when i got mines done but everyone is different it didnt hurt tho its just the after effect\""
"12138" "\"Colleges aren't available to better oneself in knowledge persay, but to drink up your money in hopes that you become a productive citizen\""
"12139" "\"avoid DirectSpace Networks. shame on me for 1) lack of proper research and 2) being too poor to afford proper hosting. live and learn.\""
"12140" "\"thanks for following - we hope to have a home on Blip.tv one day soon.\""
"12141" "\"Miley Cyrus is in Miami!Maybe meet her?(:\""
"12142" "\"& I hope you two school kids are studying for your exams :-)\""
"12143" "\"Today I want you to vote for yourself with confidence cause God has elected you a winner already.\""
"12144" "\"Thanks, Gio! Appreciate it.\""
"12145" "\"Tuesday Jazz Jam at Stober's 10PM.\""
"12146" "\"People have the right to be stupid. Some people abuse that privilege.\""
"12147" "\"Anyone know of/have an opinion in Figment?\""
"12148" "\"Merry Christmas Eve to all and to all a good night. I hope I don't offend the PC Police and end up in PC Jail tonight, Christmas Eve.\""
"12149" "\"LA bound for some much needed R&R!\""
"12150" "\"Too cool! , CMO, speaking\""
"12151" "\"Prom wasn't as special as I thought it would be..\""
"12152" "\"I am a whole new kind of crazy today. Should be somewhat entertaining\""
"12153" "\".: Don’t let your happiness depend on something you may lose. ~C.S. Lewis\""
"12154" "\"3rd girl came up to me and told me to make a tumblr just now...\""
"12155" "\"has EXACTLY 666 tweets at the moment! +10,000 points for that!\""
"12156" "\"We also hate passive sentences!\""
"12157" "\"That's what i like to hear! :D\""
"12158" "\"GET. HASLEM. OUT.\""
"12159" "\"Still 10 toes down\""
"12160" "\"I am wondering what the criteria is to be apart of One Million Moms. I have misdirected rage, too! Do fur babies count?\""
"12161" "\"those muthafuckers! nah too far. this time it was easier cuz i knew the lady and my mom asked and she said yes\""
"12162" "\"your work check-in sounds way cooler than almost everyone else's\""
"12163" "\"#lis483 Reading Morgan Matson's Second Chance Summer and loving it! Author's second book - great recc for teen Dessen lovers!\""
"12164" "\"I ate the whole nutella tub. That's diet approved right ?\""
"12165" "\"Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a $25 gift certificate to Cool de Sac Restaurant !\""
"12166" "\"I need help! Best running shoes under $200... GO!\""
"12167" "\"rose & kabobs, loose women in wheelchairs - now that's a Friday night!\""
"12168" "\"Today... Smile at someone you don't know! SMILES ARE CONTAGIOUS!!! :)))\""
"12169" "\"Titanic best 3d movie ever:)\""
"12170" "\"It was such a great week! Coffee soon :)\""
"12171" "\"Does the Crew have a chance to sign Ramirez???\""
"12172" "\"Thank you for all the follows!\""
"12173" "\"maybe we'll start a trend.\""
"12174" "\"recalls the time Larry Nugent said when Liz Carroll plays, it sounds like there are three fiddlers in the room. \\"It is her keeping time ...\""
"12175" "\"yeah just keep trying. I still need Tyler, Sarah, and Andrew\""
"12176" "\"Perfect!!!! Keep up the good work at the golf course!!!\""
"12177" "\"Who's windows r U buying? 70% of companies sell 80% white windows. LEGACY 65% of r windows are nonwhite. Get the Perfect Window-Dont Settle!\""
"12178" "\"Here you are ... Follow me back ...\""
"12179" "\"haha I know, I saw! whatta qt ;) RT“: that was me and ”\""
"12180" "\"Thanks for promclaming Arvday Sabonis Day in Portland and Commissioner Leonard for helping us celebrate!\""
"12181" "\"The only reason I said they \\"suck\\" is because, well, they do...if you said that about the o's past 14 years I wouldn't argue it\""
"12182" "\"\\": Coaches who is going to in Vegas?\\" Most of our staff will be up from Phx. Should be a good one!\""
"12183" "\"There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way\""
"12184" "\"whoa, ok so just jump over iPhone 5, 6, and every other phone to say that phone is instantly a iPhone 7, how do you ppl know? jeez\""
"12185" "\"I hate when we have to play in OKC\""
"12186" "\"Steak n Shake time with the cymbals <3\""
"12187" "\"We just redid the logo. Our's is cool. Thanks for the suggestion.\""
"12188" "\"Yum Yum Yum: Strawberry Mint Ice Cream\""
"12189" "\"TT faculty needed to solve a problem. They created a magical solution that saved money and took burdensome courses away: adjuncts!\""
"12190" "\"Capt. Barron of the Chesapeake refuses to be boarded. The Leopard opens fire capturing her by surprise forcing Barron to surrender.\""
"12191" "\"I'm usually air drumming or guitaring in addition to said act.\""
"12192" "\"add e-40 too\""
"12193" "\"Seeing intense, city-sanctioned police repression firsthand steered me away from reformist politics.\""
"12194" "\"Wednesday is a Happy Hour must! The rain may stop the patio from being open - but our drinks are still flowing!\""
"12195" "\"if this game stays like this syracuse will pull out and win. Cuse wins close games.\""
"12196" "\"Now soldiers, march away and how thou pleasest God, dispose the day.\""
"12197" "\"SFPD says they're involved in a chase right now with the man in the night shirt who shot at the speed van.\""
"12198" "\"Would you be willing to cover our RIFT red carpet premier/theatrical release to your site and do an Exclusive\""
"12199" "\"I'm running out of fingers though! RT : it sure does! PLUS, I live for the nail biters! :)\""
"12200" "\"Wow, cousin Sookie & Bill having a baby (in real life not in #TrueBlood) Will it be vamp or fairy? LOL\""
"12201" "\"LMAO too funny. Watch out, your aunty is a techie gangster! :P and how do you use this pintrest? any other media sites other-\""
"12202" "\"yeah some are exerting a bit too much for the beefcake\""
"12203" "\"Wow. We are so sorry that happened and that link definitely didn't come from us. Thank you for letting us know.\""
"12204" "\"You know what would go great with the OU-FSU game? Our delivered pizza. Try our Buffalo Chicken or Polish. 521-9800.\""
"12205" "\"Good win lakers\""
"12206" "\"Was that message to us? In response to the DM?\""
"12207" "\"I will have that answer for you later today we are meeting tonight at 8 to discuss deals for\""
"12208" "\"I just helped a faculty member use the Xerox machine.\""
"12209" "\"Aww how cute an employee just asked a girl out over the intercom\""
"12210" "\"girl my thighs be hurting from doing those things last night ...\""
"12211" "\"preparing my stomach for toledo = fried foods as veggies, bud lite as beer, and sunlight as what is this shit?\""
"12212" "\"Those who say it can't communicate would use your example as evidence because it's likely not just 20 interpretations with 1 meaning.\""
"12213" "\"so you are due in 2 weeks? congratulations!\""
"12214" "\"Oh.... get me to the Label 7 patio!\""
"12215" "\"Best part of my day, getting home and watching my lil one sleep ;)\""
"12216" "\"tell me you're going to linas tonight and make me the happiest boy in the world\""
"12217" "\"Its very cold outside,take your jackets.\""
"12218" "\"I think you and I should just drink on it, Put our heads together and think on it, Maybe later on we can sleep on it\""
"12219" "\"Back at you from across the pond! RT :\""
"12220" "\"they DO have access to a lot of tasty, low cost snack food...\""
"12221" "\"being human is beingg too complicated! time to becomee a U N I C O R N ! xD\""
"12222" "\"#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps anything with\""
"12223" "\"Cher hates Scott Walker. Gays, we have our orders.\""
"12224" "\"Ben is awfully inaccurate tonight. He'll heat up later, so Denver better build up a lead\""
"12225" "\"Do not excuse poor officiating. These refs are having a horrible game (just like players can). They are not above criticism.\""
"12226" "\"Do you have a favorite on the list of restaurants?\""
"12227" "\"the 23 is worth it. Otherwise, I'd go with McCallan 18 or or Oban. Kudos on the choice tho.\""
"12228" "\"Katie she likes staying up late haha :)\""
"12229" "\"#TheLittleBlackTruck is back at it! Come find us at 15th and Q. Next to Fremont Park, R15 Naked Coffee and Shady Lady!\""
"12230" "\"I'll check it out again.\""
"12231" "\"Seems like dem lakers getting the cake baked 2night\""
"12232" "\"Hi Claireja. I was wondering if you were going to join. Glad you shared your favorite. Chat is just wrapping up.\""
"12233" "\"Hello world and followers!!! Don't forget...tonight at 7pm. It's the Friday Night Beat #BoomBox with yours truly live in the mix.\""
"12234" "\"Preserving parties?? What a GREAT idea!!!\""
"12235" "\"I wear glasses, too, and 3D movies give me headaches. Hopefully, you'll fare better than me.\""
"12236" "\"yeah we can only try!:(\""
"12237" "\"Ah another day.\""
"12238" "\"The $ pulled you away from us eh? Don't blame ya, but the thought of Slamming one off Evan made ya think :)\""
"12239" "\"Always amazed by your poetry good sir. Nobody looks at the Queen!\""
"12240" "\"What if he hates me?! #Racquet*\""
"12241" "\"I find it a tough sell to be upset about Kurt being nominated about prom queen when Brittany being nominated for prom king is a joke.\""
"12242" "\"Outreach concert at all girls school in Dorchester this morning. Good way to start off the day!\""
"12243" "\"Where at? RT : who trying to go golfing sunday afternoon?\""
"12244" "\"The human heart weighs less than a pound\""
"12245" "\"My kind of hallowed ground! RT : The Holy of Holies!!!!\""
"12246" "\"great tacos tonight at on south broadway. Thanks David\""
"12247" "\"Another tough one for Blazers...pretty impressed by JJ Hickson and Nolan Smith tonight...More playing time maybe?\""
"12248" "\"Anyone think we'll see some social media records set/broken tonight during the #superbowl? We're thinking yes! Especially around halftime.\""
"12249" "\"your smoking crack rock\""
"12250" "\"Can't wait for spring break!\""
"12251" "\"Just left my 2nd favorite restaurant in the world. Big ups Tao Asian Bistro.\""
"12252" "\"if I hear the beep. Beep. Beep. Again I think I am going to crawl in a corner and DIE...because I can't talk to u....\""
"12253" "\"But WHERE will it go? After they cast it…what's gonna happen? That's what I don't understand. But til then, I'm watching!\""
"12254" "\"please tell me you're joking. anything by whitney houston also off the table.\""
"12255" "\"Awesome time meeting and chatting with last night. SO excited for her to shoot our wedding! :)\""
"12256" "\"You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.\""
"12257" "\"*Chilly fries RT : Waiting for my curly fries (:\""
"12258" "\"looking forward to your big news on tonight's\""
"12259" "\"No but really, someone finish my flvs class for me :c\""
"12260" "\"Ticketmaster should have the info RT : Where can I get info on VIP Tickets for the concert on 6/22?\""
"12261" "\"thank you kind sir\""
"12262" "\"I have not been keeping up with the playoffs. I need to do better...\""
"12263" "\"we've got to mix it up Jo! They'll make it to Harvard in time!\""
"12264" "\"nervous as hell! but ready for the #Giants to win this game!\""
"12265" "\"Fuck for F\""
"12266" "\"It is pretty hard to call myself a fan these days.... could the game be any more pathetic then the highlights?\""
"12267" "\"“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!\""
"12268" "\"Really hoping Roxy here gets better soon, she's been an awesome dog to grow up with and a big part of my childhood.\""
"12269" "\"Welcome to the team Keith Oliveira, Denis Jones, Chuck Porcheron, Chris Fluke, Gary Saladino, and Christopher Rocha\""
"12270" "\"So disappointed !!!!! Terrible finale!!\""
"12271" "\"Who else is going to the symposium tomorrow on #arts and #economic development? will be there!\""
"12272" "\"Sat down tonite & realized I'd poured myself 2 glasses of wine. It was a rough day.\""
"12273" "\"I drink your milkshake.\""
"12274" "\"Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future!!!\""
"12275" "\"We're ecstatic! “: was a great discovery this wknd @ Little E's featuring the amazing voice of !”\""
"12276" "\"my 4yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get\""
"12277" "\"Happy mood. Lol\""
"12278" "\"Hey Milwaukee - eat great, without the gluten! All #glutenfree menu items are available with no cover charge all day on Tuesdays!\""
"12279" "\"All I saw out of the corner of my eye was \\"I want to prevent orphans.\\"\""
"12280" "\"haha kinda took the words right out of my mouth. Well said lol. messed but hopefully we'll get\""
"12281" "\"Ian White's tales of \\"public\\" data acquisition woes resonate with my experiences collecting data for the\""
"12282" "\"\\"Michael Norton Confirms Bloomberg Confirmation\\"\""
"12283" "\"Oh my. I didn't realize you were so young! Many happy returns! :-)\""
"12284" "\"Glad the weather is a little better today.Can you imagine living in this type of hot weather all year around? Its like that in the Caribbean\""
"12285" "\"l sort of write for myself, less blog, more of a retainer for thoughts and ideas and method of processing new information.\""
"12286" "\"tea and fig rolls for breakfast.. the british kind\""
"12287" "\"Great shot!\""
"12288" "\"Really love this 4 day weekend!! Back to the grind tomorrow at 11am. For now manis and pedis while drinking\""
"12289" "\"Yes! We have a few diehard people that still want to party this weekend. We'll keep going until it snows or under 32.\""
"12290" "\"It's weird to be at #SMCSea without my amazing and awesome friend , lady you are missed!\""
"12291" "\"Join #CHEVY4MKE starting at 7:00pm at Miss Katie's Diner in district 5 on 02/21/2012 for an #Election Night Watch Party!\""
"12292" "\"Woo-hoo, so this is how it feels like turning the big 20! haha keeping it young with\""
"12293" "\"I love strawberries as much as u or more\""
"12294" "\"But with my eyes closed all I know is the skyline, through the window, the moon above you and the streets below.\""
"12295" "\"ya!!!!!!!!!!!! Ur my everything my life my breathe of fresh air the only reason i wake up in the morning is to see u:)\""
"12296" "\"R.I.P. Maurice Sendak - I owe you much for my childhood inspiration to read and dream.\""
"12297" "\"House readopts HB1238, early literacy bill. Congrats and\""
"12298" "\"The Beatles <3\""
"12299" "\"I come alive n da night time\""
"12300" "\"RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything.\""
"12301" "\"Have you seen those people all around downtown? What's going on?\""
"12302" "\"FUCK ANDROID PHONES & THEIR CHAFA ASS BATTERY LIFE.\""
"12303" "\"Your boys are so cute Margaret! Hope you're enjoying your Easter!\""
"12304" "\"Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. Brian Tracy\""
"12305" "\"How's the lyrics coming?\""
"12306" "\"Eddie's Sports Bar in Garland Tx. Let's go\""
"12307" "\"#YOUneedahearingaid Nigga. YOU SAID NICK IS SO SEXY. SO\""
"12308" "\". We'll announce all of our winners at 5 o'clock!\""
"12309" "\"#Trivia What year did U.S. Cellular Field open?\""
"12310" "\"Yes. Please like and retweet everything that makes you angry.\""
"12311" "\"that's messed up lol\""
"12312" "\"The Super Bowl will be a high scoring game for sure? Giants 38 & New England 31\""
"12313" "\"oooohhhh good afternoon everyone ! Starting the day off right ... a little gloomy outside but oh well not gonna let that take my shine;)Muah\""
"12314" "\"I'm @ work. Uggh ..ok.going to lunch. Was fun mY girls! Luv ya!:-) :-)\""
"12315" "\"Yay #twins Great way to relax after a good morning workout on the garden with mom and\""
"12316" "\"don't forget to vote for Stallions in this week's indie soap poll! it's our last eligible week until Season 2, help make us #1!\""
"12317" "\"Hi there. Because we only sell to retailers and not directly to the public, prices are not listed.\""
"12318" "\"Lmfaoo. that was me wasn't it ? ;D\""
"12319" "\"I find it very hard to fill a #growler with and save it for more than a day.\""
"12320" "\"The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well. -Joe Ancis\""
"12321" "\"I'm dropping 9 followers and making my page private in a week and won't be accepting no new followers !!! Them hoes heads gonna be hurting !\""
"12322" "\"About to check out 21 jump street :) let the laughter begin!\""
"12323" "\"We all got options i create equations\""
"12324" "\"I think I may be related to those dogs. Gorgeous hair.\""
"12325" "\"Klokikon massacre... brilliant\""
"12326" "\"what if #Ravens can land Hue as OC??? Familiar w joe and system.\""
"12327" "\"any plans for Paper for Android?\""
"12328" "\"maybe u, & me are on our own fault not being monitored by USGS b/c my windows don't rattle like that in a storm.\""
"12329" "\"Off to dinner for my moms bday!\""
"12330" "\"CONGRATS 2 the Class of 2012!\""
"12331" "\"thank you!\""
"12332" "\"i wonder where are all the #Villans are??\""
"12333" "\"One more round of Call Of Duty!\""
"12334" "\"Lions and Bills both win. BREAKING: Satan seen wearing down parka.\""
"12335" "\"i like the name, \\"Nick's Chocolate Paradise\\". Its catchy. And lol idk about those pony tail dudes.\""
"12336" "\"You've been hurt by somebody else, I can tell by tha way you carry yourself..\""
"12337" "\"what should i eat today .... hm =[\""
"12338" "\"was it just you and Mia?\""
"12339" "\"It's a wet, rainy morning in #LA. What #music are you guys listening to today?\""
"12340" "\"To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login #cookie sent over #unencrypted connections, and login as you!\""
"12341" "\"word that's was up, what's next on the line up for you?\""
"12342" "\"#tu222 still looking for my favorite Twitter tool.\""
"12343" "\"I hate summer weather\""
"12344" "\"Getting on the N train, heading out to see a shipwreck.\""
"12345" "\"I can deal with a lot of things ...no sense of urgency is not one of these things.\""
"12346" "\"r u a grandpa?\""
"12347" "\"Are crowdfunding sites the new daily deal sites?\""
"12348" "\"it has to be creamable - SURE BUT TOO WARM AND YOUR COOKIES ARE GOING TO BE TOO FLAT\""
"12349" "\"Good work girlie.\""
"12350" "\"and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?\""
"12351" "\"I'm not accepting responsibility for any of this. You started it with your creeping\""
"12352" "\"Thank you!\""
"12353" "\"Right through my masculinity. ;-) RT FTR, MY kid likes Owl City, but was agreeing the songs mostly sound the same.\""
"12354" "\"#NP where have you been -Rihanna <3\""
"12355" "\"He got 50 n beiber with him oh shyt\""
"12356" "\"#birdemic I'm hoping a bird will see my tweet!!LOLOLOL!!\""
"12357" "\"there is seriously something wrong with my nose.:(\""
"12358" "\"Thanks Kugsang for including us!\""
"12359" "\"When your like damn this person hasn't txt me back in a while, then you look at the messages and you never sent it! Lmao\""
"12360" "\"Just finished our last rehearsal for tomorrow nights show!\""
"12361" "\"NP, man. I just get tired of these douche bags thinking its ok to play the \\"hillbilly\\" jokes. Obvious what he meant by that.\""
"12362" "\"Friday, a thief...Sunday, a King.\""
"12363" "\"Rohs Street Cafe show starts at 7pm. Chocolates, pastries, and music make a great start to the evening.\""
"12364" "\"Letting my raisin bran get soggy.\""
"12365" "\"related: hello, yes, I've been in hiding. I was saving twat #1 of '12 for something good. This applied.\""
"12366" "\"haha nice plug! I will be watching 5/20 at 9pm on my home course aka my couch of #AmericanNinjaWarrior on\""
"12367" "\"Hi Tori & Dean. When is your show coming back?\""
"12368" "\"Going into the new year with a better mentality, a bigger heart, rejuvenated spirit and a wonderful attitude.\""
"12369" "\"Yayyy followed me! If followed me too I think I'd die! Or at least not care that I'm going to fail this test.\""
"12370" "\"brought to the beginning/to keep up with your finishing\""
"12371" "\"Sad the reds lost but they made it a good game in the end.\""
"12372" "\"#questionsihatebeingasked Is the #achievementgap closeable w/o solving poverty 1st? Answer: Yes. We know from experience.\""
"12373" "\"Huge deals on poker products!! Up to 75% off!! www.eproducts4less.biz\""
"12374" "\"Coaches come join for free today find the player you are looking for no cost\""
"12375" "\"that's awesome. although I've never read it. or actually I may have. perhaps I can't remember.\""
"12376" "\"\\"Everything is Wrong\\" was such a great album, why did Moby have to sell out?\""
"12377" "\"Think this is enough rain???\""
"12378" "\"Senior Appreciation at Rivcity!\""
"12379" "\"I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people. Or hate a person just because they have new fans.\""
"12380" "\"Hungry as a hostage\""
"12381" "\"judging from the velocity it looks like a slider, but I'll ask.\""
"12382" "\"you're bout to get beat up.\""
"12383" "\"Enjoyed losing my voice last night. Well worth it for the Packers and the way they played! A-Rodge is the best right about now....\""
"12384" "\"I'm judging the shit out of this slutty book cover.\""
"12385" "\"wow that's nice! How did you get it?\""
"12386" "\"Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach\""
"12387" "\"I love your tweets. Just sayin.\""
"12388" "\"U CAN GET WIT THIS... OR U CAN GET WIT THAT #THROWBACKS ON MTV2\""
"12389" "\"#myfirstyearatPVAMU ... another Houston-area related trending topic? How is this happening?\""
"12390" "\"Latte time!@ BKL\""
"12391" "\"Chilling. What are you doing?\""
"12392" "\"wake up sleeping beauty(;\""
"12393" "\"I just read that finished High School! Congrats Justin! :D Just 1 more year and i'll be done, too. Exciting stuff!(:\""
"12394" "\"date with my two favorites :-*\""
"12395" "\"Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun! 2 Corinthians 5:17\""
"12396" "\"anything new with you?\""
"12397" "\"RT Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. ~Martin Luther King Jr.\""
"12398" "\"Life is your one chance to breed a soul-download- InSpotter mobile app\""
"12399" "\"I'm so glad I finally got to see again today. Its been FOREVER. I missed my best friend so much. There's no one better. :)\""
"12400" "\"JK keep being yourself. How do I use this thing? Can you teach me? How do I like something? Is this facebook?\""
"12401" "\"Save the Date/Time: Thursday, March 1st, 5:30 - 8:00. We are still looking for sponsors and auction items.\""
"12402" "\"okay, I'm about to. Check ur DMs noww...\""
"12403" "\"Tax Season starts Jan 17th\""
"12404" "\"Kind of a sluggish track workout, but hadn't done interval sprints in over two months. I'll take it.\""
"12405" "\"#DeleteMyNumber if I send you a long text and I'm expecting a reply to that equivalent but you reply \\"k\\"\""
"12406" "\"you know, Willy Idol, that guy who recreates Billy Idol songs using only whale song recordings.\""
"12407" "\"awh hell yea\""
"12408" "\"This'll put the Chocolate Wonderfall at the nearby Golden Corrall to shame.\""
"12409" "\"RT if you want me to follow you!! -must be following me-\""
"12410" "\"the fairest one should never be a ingenue hateful she-bully, but someone who, like you and me can truly be extraordinary.\""
"12411" "\"I'm excited to see it!\""
"12412" "\"Tag map page on Squinchpix now alphabetical as well as by frequency. Try it!\""
"12413" "\"Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world.\""
"12414" "\"true....but maybe the girl wont let it till you call it off....duh! unless it was the women...then that guy is dumb.....\""
"12415" "\"off coursee if yu ask her too she will and check her out on youtube also she has an amazing voice! and tell her i sent yu\""
"12416" "\"Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one!\""
"12417" "\"Well, i don't curse anymore so i don't use the real word. I just use words like it :)\""
"12418" "\"ive done spam before and gone on tweet limit 6 times cuz of that! so i made a back up account just to spam him to follow me:D\""
"12419" "\"#NYACCE12 Lisa Lee and her NY colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance AECP in the Empire State! Bright futures being made here!\""
"12420" "\"you love it (;\""
"12421" "\"Which is the superior party: TilYouPuke or hearty?\""
"12422" "\"Aw. Poor Rubes. She's having a tough time suddenly being twice her age. (This is why Mom's drink wine)\""
"12423" "\"Can someone give me some advice on Edmodo? I am signed up but am not sure what I do with the code for Flat Stanley\""
"12424" "\"is hands down the best worker in the biz.\""
"12425" "\"i am a party, your party ain't a party til' i get there [;\""
"12426" "\"If his agents are the reason he passed on doing Dancing With The Stars, Cruz has just cause for dumping them.\""
"12427" "\"Gorgeous day/week out!! Enjoying my Texas \\"winter\\" :)\""
"12428" "\"Check out the legendary here. I want the lowdown after that conference tomorrow.\""
"12429" "\"It's really hard for me to watch hood/ amateur girls fight...just so much hair pulling and sitting on top of each other\""
"12430" "\"10:24am. Cravings for sour patch kids and other road trip snacks have begun.\""
"12431" "\"I was watching a poker blog and they were giving you props on your poker skills. The game of poker needs players like you!\""
"12432" "\"who you pick to win tonight?\""
"12433" "\"has both a daily gummy and a PreNatal gummy! RT : “: I need a good vitamin any suggestions?!”....\""
"12434" "\"Take the 2012 WOMAN Challenge. This is challenge is much like the President’s Challenge with a little twist. Meet your physical and...\""
"12435" "\"For a web analytics company, sure has shitty SEO and documentation.\""
"12436" "\"I'm not sure if you can have iMessage on your phone and your iPad...but it stinks that you can't!\""
"12437" "\"This is going to be the best summer I just have a great feeling about this! <3\""
"12438" "\"Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning.\""
"12439" "\"OMG HAPPENING NOW!!!!!!!\""
"12440" "\"no!!! Get your butt down to Fells Point! !!!!\""
"12441" "\"Having a good time at damiens first bday party\""
"12442" "\"Do you feel you and your family are prepared for an emergency?\""
"12443" "\"The ladies of #girlspintout are lookin' good!\""
"12444" "\"We've narrowed down who we will be moving forward with. Stay tuned!\""
"12445" "\"The Share the Love Mobile App Webinar is off to a great start so far\""
"12446" "\"RT If you want something you've never had before, you have to do something you've never done before!\""
"12447" "\"I had a dream about and Steven- it was a fictional version of your love story but it involved swords. Very princess bridey\""
"12448" "\"That is so funny! I hope she does not become a housewife either!\""
"12449" "\"After a week of vacationing and resting up...SST hits the stages again starting saturday...FINALLY!!!\""
"12450" "\"AWESOME ! Empowering End User Insight Through Rapid Data Exploration and Visualization with Power View\""
"12451" "\"I have so much respect for He always stands up for what he believes in.\""
"12452" "\"#Health tip: Studies show the more acts of generosity you commit, the better your overall health.\""
"12453" "\"you'd be better off just paying a site to host your images & doing the page yourself. Try godaddy, cheap domain and hosting.\""
"12454" "\"Why am i still awake -____-\\"\""
"12455" "\"Every time it rains there are multiple accidents becuz NASHVILLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO DRIVE\""
"12456" "\"Did manningham say we work on feetwork all the time in his postgame press conference?\""
"12457" "\"Having a 5 o'clock class blows. No gdi bus to take me back. It's UofLs fault\""
"12458" "\"Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.\""
"12459" "\"already headed the other way to across the freeway. I'll connect when i go the other way. Thnx\""
"12460" "\"YA we do....Let me know what you want...\""
"12461" "\"Does anybody else imagine/think that #KrabbyPatties taste like In n Out burgers? That's the first burger that comes to my mind when I do.\""
"12462" "\"Tomorrow I'm releasing a new video on how to create a \\"Sales Funnel\\" for your biz to engage more customers. I use my biz as an example.\""
"12463" "\"RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at SPARKY'S... & at AREA 31\""
"12464" "\"Our album, Peace of Mind, is coming to iTunes and other digital outlets very soon!\""
"12465" "\"There's a difference between holding down the fort and charging into battle ;)\""
"12466" "\"Tucson, you disappoint.\""
"12467" "\"need to sleep... night everyone!\""
"12468" "\"Get money. Take action.\""
"12469" "\"the same lol\""
"12470" "\"On my run this morning it seemed as tho everyone had rubbed on BenGay b4 they ran. Thought I was running thru an altoid factory.\""
"12471" "\"Crap! Would you guys play it again?\""
"12472" "\". 2012 launched today and you had better believe I will be bragging about it all week ( client, I'm not on the team)\""
"12473" "\"Will do :)\""
"12474" "\"Plums tickle my tongue #isthatweird?\""
"12475" "\"And Take Off Sexy Vinny Tear Tear again ='(\""
"12476" "\"they say when you're not looking, that's when you'll find....\""
"12477" "\"Agreed. Newt's awake today.\""
"12478" "\"Navarro isn't playing first either, people...he just got PH for as well\""
"12479" "\"Looking back at all the memories i had at my school i dont want to leave\""
"12480" "\"They won't be able to see me yet, but they can still enjoy a nice tour.\""
"12481" "\"lol it was great. And then Phoebe \\"ah, I didn't know u were in LOVE. I thought u were just doing it.\\"\""
"12482" "\"What do you think of Gov. Scott's budget?\""
"12483" "\"this is such a cute idea:)\""
"12484" "\"Woo!! Be careful!!! Calif's don't know how to handle rain. I'm an SD native and I still criticize rain drivers!\""
"12485" "\"Great day at Radford seeing graduate. Now got big day tomorrow, giving my testimony in church\""
"12486" "\"I would recommend learning XHTML/CSS and what a grid based layout is.\""
"12487" "\"My maternity leave starts in five weeks, y'all. You are more than welcome to follow me on my personal Twitter\""
"12488" "\"my new fav fashion inspiration! Xo! ;)\""
"12489" "\"Thanks for following me! I am excited to share more of my art with you.\""
"12490" "\"#twitterstorians I can't B SOLE historian using Alain Touraine as theoretical scaffodling $ social movement history Find me more please?\""
"12491" "\"The Inner Harbor Renaissance when the Red Sox are in town = Hell.\""
"12492" "\"Had Thanksgiving today! :-) blessed <3\""
"12493" "\"that picture you posted still has me laughing\""
"12494" "\"\\"You've really out-boo'd yourself.\\"\""
"12495" "\"Listening to discuss the mental health of astronauts.\""
"12496" "\"Thanks Dean!\""
"12497" "\"- Looks very appetizing!\""
"12498" "\"alrightxD I'll buy you one from the swap meet xD\""
"12499" "\"Tue May 15th Drops It for Party!\""
"12500" "\"Format evolution requires new infrastructure. Ebook session. Porter\""
"12501" "\"Just left the studio for a few\""
"12502" "\"I've never been able to do this. Different animal in Houston lol.\""
"12503" "\"Due to circumstances beyond my control, I cannot guarantee my presence. But let me know where.\""
"12504" "\"I think she fell asleep.\""
"12505" "\"I'm never satisfied, no matter what I achieve I always want more and no matter how good I do I always feel like I could have done better.\""
"12506" "\"What, no visitors? ;-)\""
"12507" "\"quote: \\"You took shop. I took dance.\\"\""
"12508" "\"#wtf Hey, hollywood types, stop whitewashing asian movie properties, thanks.\""
"12509" "\"Thank you so much for the shout out, Vicki!!! :D Go #DC and #EtsyCREST AND for also being featured!! :D\""
"12510" "\"I also noticed you wanted some fro yo...\""
"12511" "\"it's not working babes x\""
"12512" "\"I love this girl! ;P RT S/o to for being awesome lol.\""
"12513" "\"Beer is the cure to a bad cough\""
"12514" "\"(Rich) The Zoom H4n came in while I was travelling. Can't wait to use it in investigations! Have to try the Cubase LE4 software with it...\""
"12515" "\"My vote for best good bad movie goes to Road House. Thoughts?\""
"12516" "\"Off work kinda tired but o well\""
"12517" "\"yeah that's the best weekend for me as well. So let's plan for 11-19-11and we can workout the time and place.\""
"12518" "\"brought u some beers for the fridge. Hope u like BUDdy! Lol.\""
"12519" "\"cant wait for it. I got my invitation and put it right into my calendar!\""
"12520" "\"literally just beat off in my bathroom\""
"12521" "\"Just tapped due to popular request, Boarhead Barley Wine (replaces LTD 5)\""
"12522" "\"It's overrated there.\""
"12523" "\"Reason # 1029 to move back to NYC: Jil Sander's collaboration with Uniqlo +J launches in stores tomorrow. #jilsander #uniqlo #h&m\""
"12524" "\"Same to you, Lynn! Congrats on all (and thanks for the retweet of my new Interiors of a Courtyard recording!) Stay in touch!\""
"12525" "\"oh it use to be all day. It use to be watchable, I don't really know why they stopped playing videos\""
"12526" "\"My biology teacher is a pervert. LMFAO\""
"12527" "\"not much Justin. Is that how I should refer to you now?\""
"12528" "\"Shea McClellin gives the #Bears an end project who will star as a high effort situational pass rusher at first\""
"12529" "\"How bad is it that there are still about 4 girls in my grade that I have NO idea what their names are?..\""
"12530" "\"Ice cream is my life 🍦\""
"12531" "\"#SUCCESS The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what it needed to be!\""
"12532" "\"Stoked!! RT : Austin, Kunta is officially in the House! #SXSW”\""
"12533" "\"Hahah! But I have something that would make you feel better<3 Check out the new #bandoftheday ;)\""
"12534" "\"no we are taking on all the best talent from all over and let them shine on this new TV show so you're OK to rep for Spain\""
"12535" "\"walk on down!! It's all free :)\""
"12536" "\"officially a part of the team in my youth group going to Joplin, MO this summer to do mission work. so excited!\""
"12537" "\"what the fuuuuuuck!?!!? Its yo birthday\""
"12538" "\"Tolerance? You're so demanding.\""
"12539" "\"The Hungarian Marketing Volunteers\""
"12540" "\"They know what they're talking about ;) RT : \\"Big LOG news coming Monday!\\"\""
"12541" "\"\\"Experts\\" eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?\""
"12542" "\"BeTeDub my new layout is downtown Louisiana\""
"12543" "\"The latest security trend... what works ...what doesn't...tell us your story in 150 characters.\""
"12544" "\"There's a difference in waking up to a good morning text and just getting one when you're already awake.\""
"12545" "\"So fucking tired! Warrior dash soon. I love how half our team dropped out of the run. Pussies!\""
"12546" "\"I think I have my expectations set up too high cause I always seem to end up disappointed.\""
"12547" "\"Still collecting #money for the project \\"Miss Texas\\" to be the best it can be.Contact me!\""
"12548" "\"Hard to be more overconfident than Rashad usually is. I hope you're wrong.\""
"12549" "\"#Romney in Rosemont event wrapping up now. He's on to Puerto Rico for more campaigning in pursuit of 2012 GOP presidential nomination.\""
"12550" "\"Day off with my girls!!!\""
"12551" "\"If you're driving n on interstate 5 rt now crash near Holgate s of 90 has left 2lanes closed merge right\""
"12552" "\"Singapore to host the Global Leadership Conf & Expo January 2012!\""
"12553" "\"LMaO!! It was kinda funny.RT : God bless your ministry. RT Love_Reign I'm watching a movie w/ Trina as the lead actress....\""
"12554" "\"Gentlemen,need a way to maintain your facial routine?Come 2 & get our Express Facial for $40. specifically designed 4 you.\""
"12555" "\"Getting my car an oil change than back To the house for a hour of extra sleep\""
"12556" "\"I added commentluv to my blog last night...pretty fun! Well...not the process of adding it :op\""
"12557" "\": Unfortunately, you can't search by negative on Yelp... though you can sort any biz reviews by rating, if that helps...\""
"12558" "\"Drink! #Whitney reference\""
"12559" "\"ATTENTION: w/ \\"ice-rink\\" conditions we'll be canceling classes tonight / watch #codeorangerevival elevationnetwork.com 4pm PST\""
"12560" "\"Wish I could be there. So proud of you twinsie!\""
"12561" "\"#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow thati think ball is life :)\""
"12562" "\"Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs\""
"12563" "\"Amazing! We all knew she would beat it but it took a warrior princess 2 ensure it happened. Love you guys & Rita\""
"12564" "\"Wow...Jake Delhomme just got let the hell down.\""
"12565" "\"I took the liberty of proposing a name. It should be called. Mellow, Marsh-Mellow (in a James bond kind of way)\""
"12566" "\"Need to find something's just for me,I share too much of myself\""
"12567" "\"Headed to the National Aquarium to check out their new dolphin experience this morning. The Bug is beyond excited.\""
"12568" "\"#IDoNotUnderstand why people still use PowerPoint\""
"12569" "\". I could go for a fresh fucking pot right now...FRESH POTS!\""
"12570" "\"Is there a heaven for a G? I would like to know only thing is a nigga gotta die to know...\""
"12571" "\"totally in.\""
"12572" "\"Don't except me to not get pissed while you're fooling around in the drum closet while I'm actually trying to practice.\""
"12573" "\"Sorry Lizzy :-( RT : I'm just having all kinds of technical difficulties this evening :(\""
"12574" "\"Wrapped on THREE films this week! Next up: CHASING SHADOWS shooting in Ocean City NJ!\""
"12575" "\"Tonight is the gala for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. We were proud to support their fundraising efforts this year by designing a...\""
"12576" "\"Why do people hate rain? Its peaceful..\""
"12577" "\"send him/her to hell with all he's/her crap about Justin beiber.\""
"12578" "\"as hot, more hot, or less hot as the first one?...\""
"12579" "\"welcome to my world!!! miami was crazy!!!!\""
"12580" "\"The #supermoon is out. It's pretty.\""
"12581" "\"I'm sure he didn't\""
"12582" "\"Hand & Foot Copying: Play a rhythm with your feet & mimic with your hands & visa versa. Get creative using flams, drags & diddles.\""
"12583" "\"awwwweeeeee! they are adoreable! and they really do grow up really fast! ;) hahahaha. oh! and I made up with Jake...\""
"12584" "\"elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ... very nice\""
"12585" "\"Medical & Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 1862-1865 is helpful in tracking surgeons.\""
"12586" "\"Commissioner: Education needed on Fargo bike lanes\""
"12587" "\"#21 Jackson Square (tarot reading) - New Orleans, LA\""
"12588" "\"you have no sense of direction 😒\""
"12589" "\"... and cue sudden heavy rain... (and is that hail?)\""
"12590" "\"'the holiday' & wrapping presents :)\""
"12591" "\"#ThingsIlove when your boyfriend makes you made and to make it up he hugs you and give you a kiss and say he is sorry\""
"12592" "\"studies on one particular site automatically excludes those who are not on the site - and choice of site is never random\""
"12593" "\"Happy Moms Day to all the moms out there!\""
"12594" "\"Just watched another epic performance by on StageIt! Check back tomorrow for a full review!\""
"12595" "\"I love the nitelife...\""
"12596" "\"sometimes you gotta spaz out\""
"12597" "\"interesting choice, i like his game\""
"12598" "\"Oops! My brothers cat is a she not a he. Haa. Her name is Sasha!\""
"12599" "\"NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva & Houston Counties until 07:00 AM\""
"12600" "\"can you please follow me back ?\""
"12601" "\"why? What happened D: text me\""
"12602" "\"Let's hear about those PR's falling at Regionals!!!\""
"12603" "\"is it crossing a line to try to go see with my students since i have no adult friends to go with?\""
"12604" "\"The Price Of Success\""
"12605" "\"So later on this week I will be receiving all of the things I need to test making promo cards with a player's picture on them. :)\""
"12606" "\"As hard as it may be to start fresh, keep in mind that with every ending comes a beginning.\""
"12607" "\"Hope you got 20 followers from iTricks , we want updates tonight!\""
"12608" "\"“: Wait, Lil Boosie is free ?” yes my uncle is not guilty !!\""
"12609" "\"Capturing more footage today!\""
"12610" "\"Watching my princess singing my favorite ♬Revelation♬ \\"Paint the Town Red\\" Park!These kids are so wonderful!\""
"12611" "\"ask and you shall receive :)\""
"12612" "\"- thanks for following me and welcome to twitter. Be well, Marc\""
"12613" "\"Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release)\""
"12614" "\"Bullied by the Anti-bullies. How sad is your life right now?\""
"12615" "\"Good 4 U She needs to blocked and gagged This is the poison going back in2 the universe. May B she's the cause of nat disas\""
"12616" "\"follow me now\""
"12617" "\"idk its a long story haha ill explain another day but yeah I missed u its good to hear from u (:\""
"12618" "\"Cocky, but sexaaaay!\""
"12619" "\"yup because they won't be creeped out at all(; PERFECT PLAN!!\""
"12620" "\"That's a great idea...will it ignite if the N is removed quickly?\""
"12621" "\"Follow back :D\""
"12622" "\"Track sent.\""
"12623" "\"Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF\""
"12624" "\"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas > 😂\""
"12625" "\"The Monday after a conference: the most I'll use LinkedIn for a year.\""
"12626" "\"I have too many people in my phone with the bar I met them at as a last name.\""
"12627" "\"Wow! Kate it was raining.Wasn't it? How did you manage? This is Great. Keep it up! Keep on running! Have a great evening!\""
"12628" "\"It depends on the state. Each state has their own requirements. Not all teacher librarians have classroom experience.\""
"12629" "\"RT plz!: Make sure to get out & follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!\""
"12630" "\"y tu tambien. Thanks for the publicity.\""
"12631" "\"I'm excited to go to the gala this evening. Will you be there?\""
"12632" "\"We are at the today! Be sure to stop by-look for us behind home plate!\""
"12633" "\"the awkward moment when ur sisters compares a hot guy to facebook ...\""
"12634" "\"me to\""
"12635" "\"Ain't called a female a bitch in a long time.. I'm proud of myself..\""
"12636" "\"#Salute always loved your music we need you back!!!\""
"12637" "\"I'd like you to come, so I will be asking :)\""
"12638" "\"Tweet more. Pick it up. Let's go. Seize the day. Carpe diem.\""
"12639" "\"Everyone loves my hair lol. But 4 real, that isn't a lie about the essence of who they are. That's what u got to keep real.\""
"12640" "\"I just had a commission and the customer wanted me to donate the 20% to you which is $40 for !!! ♥\""
"12641" "\"Good morning\""
"12642" "\"Watching the Saints game with the hubby and eating delicious Pizza Hut pizza. Oh Pizza Hut, you'll always be my favorite pizza chain <3!\""
"12643" "\"FUN: Intern stakes his experience on the Apple Tablet www.TagYourMug.com\""
"12644" "\"Damn I love #mkebeerweek and\""
"12645" "\"*WINNING* #teamtigerblood speak your mind your lips have been sealed to long express yourself and hell with everybody else..\""
"12646" "\"Done at Footprints. Dance was nice. #cheers at #shebalounge @\""
"12647" "\"there are sit ups involved in today's #WOD. I'm guessing that I will be feeling those 80 GHD sit ups I did last night. Oy!\""
"12648" "\"Put ur feet in cold water..... I hope this helps\""
"12649" "\"Decently Funny #105 - Live from Reality Rally\""
"12650" "\"cough cough cough...im so sick, sick, sicks.\""
"12651" "\"woo you layed the smackdown on that fruity pebble,kung pao bitch!!!! If you smell what YOU are cookin!\""
"12652" "\"invite me please!\""
"12653" "\"RT\\": People change, memories don't.\\"\""
"12654" "\"Hello Lucky! RT : AND THE HATS GO FLYING! Evgeni Malkin gets his third of the game! 7-1 #Pens! #hattrick!\""
"12655" "\"Always a treat during #Idol when they go to Steven Tyler for his comments! Tonight's best... \\"Courage is just fear that said its prayers.\\"\""
"12656" "\"____ can't believe Google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter.\""
"12657" "\"Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.\""
"12658" "\"Two strikes away from winning the world series. Go rangers!\""
"12659" "\"Costner gave Whitney the opportunity of a Lifetime\""
"12660" "\"come show love & support for sum of thecoldest niggaz in the mill p2 & up coming show on 4/27/12 tweet back 4 info\""
"12661" "\"Trust can only be earned not taken.\""
"12662" "\"Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.\""
"12663" "\"Butler to the A-10. Great move!\""
"12664" "\"Chapter 2012 Page 71 of 366 I want my hour back! Maybe I should make the best of the 23 I still have\""
"12665" "\"You can even leave out the abbreviations.\""
"12666" "\"tweet limit sucks ass.\""
"12667" "\"Home! I sure will miss\""
"12668" "\"Ran into your blog- neat stuff. What do you make shoot vids with?\""
"12669" "\"I think she's neat\""
"12670" "\"And for the naysayers in your life? The International Black Hole Registry?\""
"12671" "\"Counting ppl to see which paragraph you'll have to read out loud in class >.<\""
"12672" "\"Why Mario Yamasaki always throws up a heart when he's introduced? I dont know.\""
"12673" "\"#Drupa Report Daily names Aleyant's Pressero #w2p storefront system and Interactive Designer iPad app a show \\"Hot Spot\\". Booth 7 0B04\""
"12674" "\"Goodbye winter...Hello Spring!!!\""
"12675" "\"GATOR BOWL HALFTIME SCORE: Florida 14, Ohio State 10\""
"12676" "\"that shrimp was so good...make sure you practice your belly dance moves for the next time we hit the Bronx LOL\""
"12677" "\"Stop It\""
"12678" "\"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 16\""
"12679" "\"Lol! Yup, it is\""
"12680" "\"Hey there! I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this...\""
"12681" "\"I was sspending the night over my sisters house.\""
"12682" "\"That would be more like trying to survive....a struggle everyday at least....suffering as a norm.\""
"12683" "\"lol patents? The fuck? I meant parents.\""
"12684" "\"Convicted felons can't own a gun or vote. Some states prevent them from being in a labor union. Felonies affect entire lives.\""
"12685" "\"trade ya Waukesha for Kentucky:) 14 degrees here.\""
"12686" "\"Wow finally after the 4th day in to my #changemybodymission I'm getting a hang of it :)\""
"12687" "\"\\"rock that body\\" - black eyed peas. my rock n roll friends are gonna kill me for this.. but damn what a\""
"12688" "\"Bart Reid's status: Become bigger than your obstacle! It's the only way to 'truly' win. Reply with your comment, \\"like\\" or \\"unsubscribe\\"\""
"12689" "\"hunger games. you're already headed to hawaii, at this point you just need to pass.\""
"12690" "\"Mormon posthumous baptism. I want to shoot myself.\""
"12691" "\"\\"then it hit me, this nigga looked like Tom cruise, like mission impossible 2, jerry maguire Tom cruise\\" -\""
"12692" "\"retweet if you like mac miller\""
"12693" "\"no. Idek what ima get into yet when I graduate.\""
"12694" "\"EI Cuts are draconian. Could it be that our NYS Executive Chamber simply doesn't like children with devtal disabilities. What do you think?\""
"12695" "\"show was on fire tonite. Cleveland pride\""
"12696" "\"Ah, I like the genius title, lol. Boots are killers, aren't they. Thanks for your service to our country, I really appreciate that!\""
"12697" "\"26 states, from California to Maine and from South Dakota to Georgia embrace #sciencestandards://tinyurl.com/7j83f99\""
"12698" "\"I heard it doesn't count on your plan. Some people still don't have unlimited texts I guess. So IPhone to IPhone is free.\""
"12699" "\"all love back. Thanks bro...\""
"12700" "\"Spent most of my morning talking guns, war, and football with my boss. I feel like I need to go do some pushups and eat a steak.\""
"12701" "\"doing my science fair project ):\""
"12702" "\"Heats<<<<<<< horrible night\""
"12703" "\"Happy Birthday! :0)\""
"12704" "\"She did great. I want to follow her.\""
"12705" "\"“: Congratulations to Meredith!” I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !!\""
"12706" "\"Lololol well, I need to find out how that paint will cost, my funds are dwindling time to prioritize!\""
"12707" "\"Lovely dish. Jennings to Sanders ... again.\""
"12708" "\"I can't even pay attention when I'm tweeting -.-\""
"12709" "\"You're beautiful. (:\""
"12710" "\"\\": Make the workmanship surpass the materials. ~Ovid #quotes\\" (speaks to ingenuity...nice)\""
"12711" "\"Hello by Karmin is an unbelievably incredible song.\""
"12712" "\"DUDE WE GOTTA HANG OUT NEXT TIME I COME DOWN\""
"12713" "\"Got them jars lookin beautiful ,\""
"12714" "\"ringalingggg hi!!! thanks for follow!! love,\""
"12715" "\"Oranges have an alkalizing effect on the body. Why not start the day with a glass of orange juice?\""
"12716" "\"Independent Women >>>\""
"12717" "\"A2 Create a workable, efficient station for the BBQ pit. Equipment, easy access to necessities.\""
"12718" "\"On Sept.19, Ottawa-born illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium.\""
"12719" "\"Looked outside and was excited my last shoot for the day is out in the sun. Then I stepped out and was cold. At least it looks nice out :)\""
"12720" "\"#ADPoncampus at Chico State this week! Happy Halloween everyone...\""
"12721" "\"#WarisChildsPlay is being set up at the #spinningplate galleries! Cannot wait until Feb.11th!\""
"12722" "\"I'm at my breaking point. I don't want to do this shit anymore.\""
"12723" "\"Bucks might be out of the playoffs with that loss... come on guys the wizards?\""
"12724" "\"problem is that Hip Hop fails to inform us that some people r artists and others just entertain. Let's keep it real!\""
"12725" "\"in the building\""
"12726" "\"I got to let everyone know! Only if they get it though.\""
"12727" "\"so is the mocha cookie crumble \""
"12728" "\"It's so hot in Boston. No amount of ice cold drinks can keep me cool.\""
"12729" "\"uhu I see how it is\""
"12730" "\"‎#occupyimprov 99% of Chicago Improvisers pay to perform or perform for free.\""
"12731" "\"daaayyyuuumm you must be rlly cold!\""
"12732" "\"ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 9\""
"12733" "\"248 more days til vacation. sigh. I guess I should think smaller. 4 more days til Sunday.\""
"12734" "\"Haven't been on twitter for he's revising for loads of exams urrgg Stressful 😓\""
"12735" "\"You need to understand\""
"12736" "\"TY for the follow!\""
"12737" "\"Why would u invest in public companies if they are not going to hire. U are better off in Vegas. WallStreet continues while US crumbles.\""
"12738" "\"im w/okc\""
"12739" "\"Tell #Congress to be #transparent on #contraceptive debate\""
"12740" "\"nice shirt Austin! lol\""
"12741" "\"My mommy is so bootyful and awesome \""
"12742" "\"Prepping for a presentation on Orphan Works and libraries, archives and museums. 15 minutes of fame? Think not.\""
"12743" "\"Guitars day two. So excited--this shiz is sounding SICK!!\""
"12744" "\"\\"The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!? C'mon, man!\\" ~glad I'm not the only one who thought that. Here, I was thinking I was shallow...\""
"12745" "\"GETTING READY TO TAKE JAYLYNN TO THE DOCTOR THEN HOPEFULLY I CAN COME HOME TO SLEEP!!!\""
"12746" "\"I wonder what Barry Trotz would look like with a mullet.\""
"12747" "\"IKR!!! I miss my big sister!!!\""
"12748" "\"He is so followable MT : Hello Twitter World! I look forward to sharing info abt NYC gov't & hearing from you ...\""
"12749" "\"I think you’ve overlooked something: Fern Gully is Fern Gully on crack.\""
"12750" "\"Died for your sins.\""
"12751" "\"YES. Sitcoms of the 70s/80s for a $1000, Alex!\""
"12752" "\"I would guess we could tell the client that it is naughty word. Seems to work with my son for a while.\""
"12753" "\"I know I was sad AF lol\""
"12754" "\"RT : glad this Dodgers press conference started with Mayor Villaraigosa and Councilman Reyes. That's who we all came to hear.\""
"12755" "\"I very much agree, and I'm sure they could've found a qualified native to take the position.\""
"12756" "\"Undefeated season for lax isn't gonna happen anymore.\""
"12757" "\"thank you for the kind words - that makes our weekend!! Wish you were here too. Hope to see you soon!\""
"12758" "\"This Duke vs Lehigh game is making my blood pressure rise.\""
"12759" "\"Congratulations to the class of 2011! We admire your hard work & dedication and we wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!\""
"12760" "\"Thanks for the RT.....how are you guys?\""
"12761" "\"Wow, so many new followers to welcome!! Thanks for the support :)\""
"12762" "\"Soaking up lunch hour sun rays. Our office is chill, very chill. I need a desk side snuggie. This calls for afternoon coffee.\""
"12763" "\"Have you created any flipped class vodcasts? If so, what subject do you teach?\""
"12764" "\"I love you too and im doing good bf\""
"12765" "\"Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCC’s season ends game short of trophy round.\""
"12766" "\"Definitely interested in learning more! Just sent you an email!\""
"12767" "\"HOSEA is out, they are gonna break up the couple!! BKLYN, NY waddup!!\""
"12768" "\"I would sit by kidd on the bench and follow him like a shadow. wait, was this a bad call???\""
"12769" "\"Thanks ! Does anyone actually post what they ordered from you? For real?\""
"12770" "\"That's great - you can show us around town and tell us where the best lemonade stands are. :)\""
"12771" "\"this fall a must see Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy workout session YouTube drfunnk1 and nycbulldogs to get a sample\""
"12772" "\"Last night i had the most awkward moment of my life\""
"12773" "\"thanks for sharing my write up from TownHall. We're brewing up plans for future speakers, maybe we can collaborate?\""
"12774" "\"Tracy Allen Fine Jewelry is having a great Sale!! Check Tracy's store out at The Grove in Los Angeles for beautiful jewelry.\""
"12775" "\"British Garden @ Hanover Square Garden @ Premium Laces the attacks. these people were pissed at 12 AM I'm.\""
"12776" "\"\\"Facebook is fuckin up the planet.\\" - Shakespeare\""
"12777" "\"Now if I only had cable. :) RT : Leave the gun, take the canoli.\""
"12778" "\"Give me few minutes lovies i have to make a sandwich\""
"12779" "\"Most definitely! The first season was wonderful.\""
"12780" "\"I was in Virginia on assignment, suh.\""
"12781" "\"Wealth, if you use it, comes to an end; learning, if you use it, increases. ~Swahili saying\""
"12782" "\"it was weird don't do it\""
"12783" "\"Would love to have some at #BabyBashBling!\""
"12784" "\": 1 of fav memories was performing w on the Arsenio Hall Show!!\""
"12785" "\"Turn. Off. Updates... Or you could ask Charles Geschke to put a ring on it... I'll give you time to google. ;)\""
"12786" "\"ALRIGHT! THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TO MY FIRST EVER LIVE TWEET EXPERIENCE! I HOPE YOU LOVED IT AS MUCH AS I DID!\""
"12787" "\"Trip coming up? We stayed at the Wilderness Lodge this past February. Quick 3-night stay.\""
"12788" "\"I love that song!(:\""
"12789" "\"Longest non extra inning game ever\""
"12790" "\"#followalibrarian: 'cause it's a non-profit working to get eContent into libraries!\""
"12791" "\"Princeton bcuz hes smart confiedent and his personality and i love his smile :)\""
"12792" "\"I'm fdu.... Fresher than yu.\""
"12793" "\"What would you like to know about Las Vegas real estate?\""
"12794" "\"no midnight anxiety about the dewey decimal system?\""
"12795" "\"ok so um that new rihanna and chris brown tune badddtuhrassss!!!!!\""
"12796" "\"Gary vitti looks like Bruce Willis\""
"12797" "\"Fruits,vegetables, and water is a good 3 day diet.\""
"12798" "\"Tiger Driver 98~!\""
"12799" "\"looks good\""
"12800" "\"Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always makes you less than you are.\""
"12801" "\"$56 gets you two 1 hour massages at East Village Body Shop! Get deal at www.buywithme.com\""
"12802" "\"#Twitter #Addicted .\""
"12803" "\"RT“: Wow....Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and now Amy Winehouse.....all died at the age of 27. #tortured#”\""
"12804" "\"I should specify: the show, not the movie. Definitely the show.\""
"12805" "\"MUSICFEST TONIGHT AH!!!\""
"12806" "\"Enjoying some subway ice cream!\""
"12807" "\"Score! M83 at Black Cat on Friday, Little Dragon at 930 club on Saturday. Gonna be a great weekend.\""
"12808" "\"Who trying to chill this weekend\""
"12809" "\"Theres a video on youtube of a girl with 46 on her face. RT : More than one facial piercing on someone is complete overkill.\""
"12810" "\"I hate that #svu and #revenge is on at the same time\""
"12811" "\"Am I the only person who finds the \\"Las Vegas Code\\" childish, annoying and vaguely offensive?\""
"12812" "\"Cool video!\""
"12813" "\"r there any hot middle skool partiez goin on in memphis tn tonite? i might go 2 da east end ...and then i might not!\""
"12814" "\"is this who I think it is :0\""
"12815" "\"Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. - Rumi\""
"12816" "\"INDIANA GETS IT WRONG $13 Million verdict cut to $1.25 million for plaintiff! Call your state rep about caps on damages....\""
"12817" "\"the whole house is mad at her\""
"12818" "\"Sticking snow in downtown\""
"12819" "\"Their driving home drunk. Oh no they always do this their fucking dumb asses sometimes -.-\""
"12820" "\"can't wait till #BOYFRIEND comes out!! dying to hear it :D\""
"12821" "\"Beach reads. Do you have a favorite, and why?\""
"12822" "\"#mdcsymposium We need to upload more than download.\""
"12823" "\"Storytime w/ rhythm sticks went ok: This is the way we; The sticks on the bus; She'll be tappin'round the mtn; & freeform w/ Kodo drummers.\""
"12824" "\"Maryland girls ball that's what's up!! Great game\""
"12825" "\"believe me, we want to have a new song to release lol hows your 2012?\""
"12826" "\"Hovnanian ran through the CSO principal audition list for us in rep class tonight. WOW - amazing!\""
"12827" "\"Plaza Singapore=D\""
"12828" "\"“: The moment someone tells you you're not good enough is the moment you know you're better than them.”\""
"12829" "\"Guterman: 80% of child abuse fatalities occur in the 0-3 age group.\""
"12830" "\"Where the heck are you? Missing your witty tweets.\""
"12831" "\"application time ( :\""
"12832" "\"Both LA teams are gonna get swept. Such a basketball hometown\""
"12833" "\"So... I just made fire red shirts\""
"12834" "\"A3: Regardless of what the court says, providers will still be working at data exchange. HIEs not part of ACA act.\""
"12835" "\"According to a Sex survey, Greece couples have the most sex, ~164 times per year. Brazil ~145 times per year. The global average is 103.\""
"12836" "\"THE GREAT BOT PURGE OF 2012\""
"12837" "\"Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum. HRC Auditorium at Noon.\""
"12838" "\"haha when do you come home??\""
"12839" "\"Just do it, LOL!\""
"12840" "\"CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS\""
"12841" "\"Stay tuned for the results of the 1st Early Bird Drawing!\""
"12842" "\"At runway with billy gardell. We got Ryan!\""
"12843" "\"Ryan leslie beats <3\""
"12844" "\"That sucks. Some hole. I would hate to see what they call a complete teardown!\""
"12845" "\"follow me back please(: 9\""
"12846" "\"Completely obsessed with 's Working in the Theatre on CUNYTV\""
"12847" "\"Don't ask yourself what the world wants; think about what makes you come to life.\""
"12848" "\"I don't have any girl friends and is really far away so I'm giving myself a make over #lonely )-:\""
"12849" "\"That's why the nation needs to shape-up RT@ TamelaJ Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have. - Winston Churchill\""
"12850" "\"It's a scifi movie w/Bruce Willis & Milla Jovovich. They had cubbies built in the walls w/beds. Some \\"hotels\\" in Japan have them.\""
"12851" "\"Gar-field (20) Potomac (20) High School Hoops in Virginia\""
"12852" "\"Justin finally admitted that he drinks. He drinks, but he controls himself. MY BABY IS GROWING UP TO FAST.\""
"12853" "\"Does anybody not need all ten of their graduation tickets ?\""
"12854" "\"Who might be interested in kickball stuff that I should be following? Dont make me wait for\""
"12855" "\"safe travels\""
"12856" "\"corporate lady who's working from here today waits until he walks away & them goes \\"he makes you nervous?doesn't he?\\"\""
"12857" "\"I hate being alone! :(\""
"12858" "\"Hello Everyone! Checkout the website for my upcoming movie EPIDEMIC CHRONICLES. www.epidemicchronicles.com\""
"12859" "\"i would date u every day and sometimes more than once on weekends and we'd make youtube videos together and delete them\""
"12860" "\"Man I didn't see u in forever. I miss you shoot RT : Lol, what's up T. I'm around.\""
"12861" "\"Yeah, that's good that you didn't get that attached.\""
"12862" "\"shouldn't u be at work young man u on twitter. got a new contract pay is crazy. call me\""
"12863" "\"Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org .\""
"12864" "\"Eating peanut butter from the jar because it's the only food in my suite.\""
"12865" "\"OMG I know, it's not really a good choice that both bands make cause both fan bases HATE eachother\""
"12866" "\"Ordinary People has been on repeat since yesterday.\""
"12867" "\"yea that awesome having your phone charged all day without worrying about it dying I know I can use that (:\""
"12868" "\"We see you, Barack.\""
"12869" "\"Don't fucking sit there and say, \\"Omg Jessica your boyfriend is so cute!\\" yeah, I know he is. He's also mine. Ok.\""
"12870" "\"Thanks guys!\""
"12871" "\"Defense defense defense killing the #crew again.\""
"12872" "\"We went to a reggae spot jt was nice and I had a blast. Oh yea, told him the truth abt me. So you knw whats on his mind now, can3 play????\""
"12873" "\"Help WPFW spread the word! Share Our Facebook Page with your Friends\""
"12874" "\"okay so we gooled redbottoms in dallas tx nd racks and red bottoms bday bash is a result. U betta be gooled nigga lol\""
"12875" "\"Congrats seniors! You made it through hell! Now go make something of yourselves. I'll miss some of y'all!\""
"12876" "\"just posted a bunch of reviews on Sephora. Please, please, please let me win $500!\""
"12877" "\"Suck A Nigga Dick Or Sumn.\""
"12878" "\"Keep it trilla.\""
"12879" "\"boom boom boom\""
"12880" "\"Spotify: check it out. It's legit\""
"12881" "\"tomorrow.... SPRING BREAK MOFOS! ;)\""
"12882" "\"thxs for prayer. 1st surgery went well but bro will have leg amputated Fri, cont prayers plz\""
"12883" "\"Sometimes, I wonder.\""
"12884" "\"Only way the clots going to win is if they get that\""
"12885" "\"Who else is a musician in Los Angeles?\""
"12886" "\"They're saying that they have more than the PBS footage...\""
"12887" "\"She should of told a girl with her tits and her tummy showing to cover up..-.-..\""
"12888" "\"How is anyone surprised that working women voted for Romney? Santorum's education plan requires women go home to school their kids!!!\""
"12889" "\"I feel safe because Jim Cantore is in Pennsylvania.\""
"12890" "\"The eggs yesterday were stuffed with candy (more than the kids needed, in truth)\""
"12891" "\"Indeed. I'm opting for slacks & layered tops because I'm always hot, want to be comfy, look professional by day and cute by night!\""
"12892" "\"Steven Jackson\""
"12893" "\"hey nothing wbu ???\""
"12894" "\"Happy Wednesday Stinky Fans!!! The weather around here is BEAUTIFUL today, go out and enjoy it with some Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!\""
"12895" "\"Hahaha! I mean #ArchesNationalPark - see disclaimer in profile! RT On my to do list: #Arches NP\""
"12896" "\"My first ep: \\"Smith and Jones\\" My second ep: that series finale\""
"12897" "\"two diff computers playing diff music, and I sit in the middle... LOL\""
"12898" "\"he's a bit older but nothing Hollywood hair and make-up can't hide. Tom Hardy?\""
"12899" "\"Sounds like we're headed for a sing-off. Red Balloon on Thursday?\""
"12900" "\"It was We'll b able to thank her mad skills for this win.\""
"12901" "\"just spent the past four days exploring the city of Vancouver BC, and will spend the next week on Vancouver Island and Salt Spring Island.\""
"12902" "\"I SAID GOOD DAY!\""
"12903" "\"I suck at this shit\""
"12904" "\"too much dribbling & ISOs & guys are out of position because of Miami's tough defense.\""
"12905" "\"Aww thanks, and i am only a wicked cool fan cause your'e an amazing artist that i can be a fan of ;D\""
"12906" "\"HOLY CRAP CONGRATS! we will have so many lunches, yes??\""
"12907" "\"Hey now... If you don't want your vacation to an awkward Chi town suburb, I'd be happy to take it off your hands for you.\""
"12908" "\"i actually have a reason to live\""
"12909" "\"You're so afraid of taking chances; how are you going to reach the top?\""
"12910" "\"are the Colts looking defense or offense at the top of 3, WR,RB,CB??\""
"12911" "\"I got an ipod for the first in my life last year as a gift, and the first artist albums I buy was Kimmy Blanco ##True!!!\""
"12912" "\"GAH! SO BEAUTIFUL! That song was perfect for your voice!\""
"12913" "\"thanks for getting my shirt!! just let me know when it's in!!\""
"12914" "\"SENT YOU A DM PEACH :)\""
"12915" "\"This part you think Apple would have figured out by now… really. The store down because of too much traffic?\""
"12916" "\"Thanks for the RTs! Have a great evening!\""
"12917" "\"\\"How do you go from where you are to where you want to be? I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life.\\" - Jimmy V\""
"12918" "\"Happy Monday! Whats going on?\""
"12919" "\"And another Brad Pitt movie?\""
"12920" "\"Well, boo hiss to me being on antibiotics for the weekend. I'm not contagious but it means I can't drink.\""
"12921" "\"I am somebody!\""
"12922" "\"excellent idea-the best of both worlds!\""
"12923" "\"now where did you hear Rolling...Rolling...Rolling at?\""
"12924" "\": Please follow me back so I can DM you for the #cfasanjose prize. Thanks!!\""
"12925" "\"any info we can find on the Yowie ancient past legends articles or news websites etc we can read up on?\""
"12926" "\"Whatever you'll be doing in Missouri... Count me in. It's drivable from my part of the world.\""
"12927" "\"Well no, not really actually\""
"12928" "\"TTU FOOTBALL: Benford to sign with Dallas Cowboys - Cookeville Herald Citizen\""
"12929" "\"better make it two.\""
"12930" "\"Real Estate at Black Cat! Let's see what they're all about...\""
"12931" "\"markmoskal is on twitter.\""
"12932" "\"Ok, so I'm pretty happy #imtalkingaboutyou #evenwiththis10pagepaper :)\""
"12933" "\"check ya dm\""
"12934" "\"lmao we mean late night basketball at LA. I'm down to hoop against your AAU team too; it's fun.\""
"12935" "\"Have a very merry Domo Christmas!!!!\""
"12936" "\"At the time of the Baylor game Texas was a top 5 D in the country. Ended the season at #11 overall, #1 in Big12.\""
"12937" "\"That's unfortunate\""
"12938" "\"Tonight was disappointing, but I guess tomorrows another day.\""
"12939" "\"gotta find you one!\""
"12940" "\"haha sorry tabbyy where ya been!?\""
"12941" "\"when is the beta coming? I'm ready for some podcasts on the go.\""
"12942" "\"CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN CONCERT WITH CODY SIMPSON AT CHICAGO ON FEBUARY 14 <3\""
"12943" "\"yup I'm back in office next week so shoot me some options!\""
"12944" "\"thanks:-) send.a link\""
"12945" "\"Excited to begin working with Jackson's Bistro Bar & Sushi!!\""
"12946" "\"Q: Do you Ever been kissed a guy before? Yes, only once.\""
"12947" "\"dear masterful hirshhorn twitterer, i'm looking for an image of Song 1 when it shows playing cards blowing around. can you help?\""
"12948" "\"I'm sick of bitch ass dudes tryin to fuck up something cuz they jealous they can't have it\""
"12949" "\"only if we can do earlier. Gota work tomorrow\""
"12950" "\"I feel like a Dumb ass without it /:\""
"12951" "\"About to make it a Tasteful Evening at Bell Harbor\""
"12952" "\"like your blog! Yea for RAW!\""
"12953" "\"\\": Some Shit Jus Better Left Unsaid ,\\"\""
"12954" "\"Good times watching \\"Lovers\\" at Teatro de la Luna tonight!\""
"12955" "\"SOX CUBS BULLS FIRE & HAWKS ALL WIN TODAY!!! Yeah Chicago!!!\""
"12956" "\"I just sent you an e-mail to chat about advertising on Would love to connect when you have the chance!\""
"12957" "\"random dude in my coffee shop travels in downtown Dallas\""
"12958" "\"Dispatches from VR - Downloading Mass Effect 3 demo.\""
"12959" "\"Good luck to in her soccer game\""
"12960" "\"because I'm here? :D\""
"12961" "\"lol! That is the exact same website my dad pulled up. :)\""
"12962" "\"thank you :D you work tomorrow?\""
"12963" "\"Its about that season\""
"12964" "\"INFO LINE RINGING OFF THE HOOK ABOUT #BODI TONIGHT. KEEP EM COMING 9192017251\""
"12965" "\"#iwishicould fuck one of these fine bitches I'm following....\""
"12966" "\"Via , Douglas County lineman Blake Nowland has been offered by CU.\""
"12967" "\"Not if you haven't gone to sleep yet\""
"12968" "\"my cousin is watching the bachelorette during the #NBAPlayoffs. Who do I talk to about getting his man card revoked?!!\""
"12969" "\"Hey Melissa! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)\""
"12970" "\"I think I look at twitter much while I drive. #imhomealready?\""
"12971" "\"\\" How you tell me I can't be a star when my Father made the Solar System\\" -- any body seen \\"Blessed & Cursed\\"?\""
"12972" "\"Back where\""
"12973" "\"Hey you Wild Things, take your lunch to plaza today at 1pm for #SendakStorytime in remembrance of Maurice Sendak\""
"12974" "\"Coach Warren and the Men are in the ASUN Tourney as the 8th seed! #fearthefin. Let's Go!!! Play belmont on wednesday!!!\""
"12975" "\"Just saw my neighbor drive there car into the side of the garage. To funny!\""
"12976" "\"#ff feeling good\""
"12977" "\"Hopefully people have learned their lesson and will vote these REPUBLICAN bums out of office when they are up for re-election!\""
"12978" "\"its homicide\""
"12979" "\"what?! You're going to tell me you didn't have an Abercrombie viser too, aren't you.\""
"12980" "\"Excellent news! You deserve it!\""
"12981" "\"Warning--do not use #PAYPAL! Went to Paypal yesterday toChanged my info too. Had 250$ stolen from my bank.\""
"12982" "\"I guess were all as fucked as we should ever be than. I say embrace it...\""
"12983" "\"I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die\""
"12984" "\"In Washington DC for Hill Day.\""
"12985" "\"It's snowing in Seattle and there are some crazy drivers out there. Almost died getting home from my evening workout.\""
"12986" "\"oh.. Yeah, that's troublesome. How far you away from me? We gotta a rockin worship team\""
"12987" "\"Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;\""
"12988" "\"omg. We should have one soon. I miss you too.\""
"12989" "\"Stepping in glass and shit.\""
"12990" "\"Hand fully recovered - found a label for last year's \\"365.52.12\\" CD Project - things are happening! Hibernation is over!\""
"12991" "\"I definitely get less points than you two. At least I was home sick.\""
"12992" "\"Never live life in fear of death\""
"12993" "\"Any body remember when U of I was relevant??\""
"12994" "\"be with someone who makes you happy....\""
"12995" "\"he actually came to one of my classes once. funny guy.\""
"12996" "\"preparing Bellona Destroyer of Cities for MAC Creteil's Exit Festival....\""
"12997" "\"Karl's incredibly wise. RT : Karl Pilkington is unquestionably the greatest man alive.\""
"12998" "\"NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC. (cont.)\""
"12999" "\"Well that's what we're gonna win then. I'm excited!!! I MISS YOU SO FREAKING MUCH.\""
"13000" "\"I'm off to Spain! But fear not, in 2 weeks I'll be back to brighten your day with happy tweets. In the meantime I'll be snapping castanets.\""
"13001" "\"Praying for you guys!! Hope you Feel better\""
"13002" "\"Ah, Louisiana Tech leaves the WAC, but New Mexico St. could join the Sun Belt to replace Denver. Gotta keep absurdly long commutes in place.\""
"13003" "\"ah that is madness but i will see you less than a week! and good luck!\""
"13004" "\"“: Thanks! :) RT As far as I'm concerned can moderate a bowl of jello and I'd listen. #LMA12”\""
"13005" "\"prove it.\""
"13006" "\"rock star? RT #VMworld presentation entry: do I put Speaker Type as Blogger/Partner/? ?\""
"13007" "\"Let's make it 3 in a row.\""
"13008" "\"That's the spirit! really inspiring RT : Psalm 73:26 My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart...\""
"13009" "\"I love salsa music!\""
"13010" "\"direct message bo\""
"13011" "\"#itsboring when yhu are about to play cards with yhur parents...haha\""
"13012" "\"things happen\""
"13013" "\"Then why u listening.\""
"13014" "\"School is out! What are your plans for Winter break?\""
"13015" "\"Oh f*** you UPS, we all remember the pass too.\""
"13016" "\"You too!\""
"13017" "\"Sunburned from yesterday ... can't complain though, at least it finally feels like\""
"13018" "\"TY for the follow! Los Angeles IS what you make it!\""
"13019" "\"Hahahaa OH! OR The Brave Little Toaster!\""
"13020" "\"Will be in the Hyatt from here on out.\""
"13021" "\"Game tonight should be fun\""
"13022" "\"Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!\""
"13023" "\"“Fear always springs from ignorance.” Ralph Waldo Emerson... \\"Fear is the mind killer.\\" Frank Herbert, Dune\""
"13024" "\"Where do the people who work at the post office come from?\""
"13025" "\"Good reports on Max Pacioretty so far.\""
"13026" "\"got you man\""
"13027" "\"hope everybody is enjoying the freakin' freedom that is fall....\""
"13028" "\"Just tap it in, jus tap it in\""
"13029" "\"Thank for the follow Andre!\""
"13030" "\"haha I do too, don't get me wrong... just a funny observation.\""
"13031" "\"Ikea to sell low-cost LED bulbs from Lemnis\""
"13032" "\"Thanks so much. The SWF download worked great and it showed up in Prezi... you guys rock!\""
"13033" "\"You know those moments when you're suddenly, inexplicably so frickin' happy with the world and your life? Yup. Right there. :D\""
"13034" "\"how nice! I'm doin some work from home..always looking for new opportunities!\""
"13035" "\"Wow my mom is buying me McDonald at 10:30 at night\""
"13036" "\"Jesse St James looks like he's my age. Not good, #Glee. Not good.\""
"13037" "\"Who's dressing as saints fans for Halloween? We are!!\""
"13038" "\"Matt please follow me! I love u so much!\""
"13039" "\"HiDB! U guys don't even say what'sREALLYcool! My dad&husband got a tour downstairs.Made me want 2 climbEverest #himalayan salt\""
"13040" "\"#Monologue tip: They will probably give you an adjustment in your audition. Adjust easier by learning your monologue by rote ﬁrst.\""
"13041" "\"Good to know advil pms no longer have an effect on me\""
"13042" "\"Looking forward to #THATCampVA today\""
"13043" "\"H.O.E.S = Happily Offering Everyone Sex\""
"13044" "\"We're planning some digital humanities speed dating at UF to kick-start some collaborations. Has anyone tried this?\""
"13045" "\"Love the Crooked Ale's HH!\""
"13046" "\"“: #DECALDA changed my life. Never have I felt so motivated.”\""
"13047" "\"so that means text me back or get stomped.\""
"13048" "\"thank you!\""
"13049" "\"love the show, watched every episode multiple times, but never live. Usually not home and like fast forwarding commercials\""
"13050" "\"you will! 😄no worries!\""
"13051" "\"He had the Shit on lock but now I'm the key holder\""
"13052" "\"My cat, who can read, just said acerbically, \\"and the problem with that is what?\\"\""
"13053" "\"really? William Byrd is closed tomorrow because of a freakin' sinkhole.\""
"13054" "\"School. A place I really don't want to go! -_-\""
"13055" "\"Thanks for the $10\""
"13056" "\"Brookline Arts Center Captures the Crown at Boston's 4th Annual Extreme ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)\""
"13057" "\"are those fosters' kids?\""
"13058" "\"the pool at sxsw at the hotel.. that shit was not that cold.\""
"13059" "\"dats good auntie\""
"13060" "\"well I will definitely see you at Warped! I will have tacos in the morning lol\""
"13061" "\"Who says you're NOT beautiful?\""
"13062" "\"who the hell is Nico still standing Schwanz?\""
"13063" "\"i got hacked\""
"13064" "\"Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle Northbound I-35 at 38 1/2 St\""
"13065" "\"I do my best thinking in the shower. Coincidentally, or maybe not, I do my best beating in there too...\""
"13066" "\"Google-Oracle jury clashes on one point\""
"13067" "\"never mind no city cuz my gay ass mom is too lazy...\""
"13068" "\"Thanks for the RT. Thank you for supporting your community AND Las Vegas Cash Mob! Maybe we'll see you there.\""
"13069" "\"PARISH has a special treat for you this weekend...Can you say \\"Eden Farm's Acorn Fed Pig!\\" Stay tuned 4 for more details!\""
"13070" "\"Before you ask we already taped On Ellen tomorrow ;)\""
"13071" "\"I have decided to drink more green tea\""
"13072" "\"YOUR ON 98.3!!!! ahhaI just got 2 copies of your album(;\""
"13073" "\"what's up\""
"13074" "\"So excited - my Rose bag is set to arrive on Monday! Cannot wait to put my new Nikon D70S inside :):):)\""
"13075" "\"ill give it a whirl!\""
"13076" "\"Welcome to Twitter..Go HaWkS\""
"13077" "\"Here's a shout out to all the Vancouver expats out there! I'm so homesick right now. I miss my #Canucks !\""
"13078" "\"its running this account\""
"13079" "\"You are lost in your perceptions, emotions and thoughts. You remain a captive of your own body, mind and intellect.\""
"13080" "\"Congrats to the #KentuckyWildcats moving on the championship game. They should win it all.\""
"13081" "\"Amen!!! RT : DEATH TO NERD GLASSES!!!\""
"13082" "\"Thanks! Dinner by the hubs is making up for the day o' meetings :)\""
"13083" "\"And I'm calling it a night.\""
"13084" "\"haha then it shall come to past!\""
"13085" "\"The Rage would like to welcome their first sponsor of the 2012 season. Spirits Pub and Grill in SM! Thanks for your support.\""
"13086" "\"You are very welcome. Does Metro Lexus sponsor or participate with any groups that promote entrepreneurism in NE Ohio/Cleveland?\""
"13087" "\"#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty prefer Google and using found resources as is\""
"13088" "\"oh good! Glad to see some people agree haha\""
"13089" "\"2day in : Council discusses charter revisions; ZAP adds restrictions to S Austin condos; Council considers decoupling\""
"13090" "\"We couldn't have said it better!! \\": Miami's starters are getting outplayed by Chicago's bench.\\"\""
"13091" "\"Broadband SHOULD be a societal approach but it's piecemeal at the library.\""
"13092" "\"I'm enjoying it.\""
"13093" "\"People please make the right decision. Think things through.\""
"13094" "\"different approach to personalization: \\"person-to-person interactions, if done right can even scale \\"\""
"13095" "\"However flawed FB is, no other platform positioned to supplant it. Seriously, wWhere else will investors put money--MySpace?\""
"13096" "\"RT : We're getting ready to head out to for the Garden for the Community planting!!\""
"13097" "\"There Good at the end of this rainbow you will will always work and have some who needs you and the love of business Rt crying baby\""
"13098" "\"Heritage beats CA in boys lax's first round of playoffs, 11-9.\""
"13099" "\"At the beach(: wiith baby charlie!\""
"13100" "\"fell asleep on my computer at 2 am :/ only have one more page to do though but still a ton more to write for it to be borderline decent\""
"13101" "\"9 Day of school left #senior12 Lets just get this over with(:\""
"13102" "\"Thanks for your lovely RT's Lori :)\""
"13103" "\"Completely empty Starbucks, guy sits in a chair three feet from the bathroom. Questionable decision making OR\""
"13104" "\"I'm tweeting so much today. So this is what it feels like to be\""
"13105" "\"Told my parents about #smash. Now they're making me watch the pilot with them.\""
"13106" "\"Well, your daughter's so cute, and I'm sure her Birthday will be a lot of fun; Mother's Day can be fun too..you'll be ok :)\""
"13107" "\"i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 23\""
"13108" "\"Enjoyed catching up with about her new role and where Twitter is looking to evolve. Lots of opportunities 4 brands/agencies.\""
"13109" "\"Only watching ANTM's All-Stars because they brought back\""
"13110" "\"Sonny Skyhawk asks why are the first people on this land the last at the entertainment table?\""
"13111" "\"Vegas, hence the twit name. ;)\""
"13112" "\"Omg dont even get me started... SO EXCITED !!!\""
"13113" "\"Still need a #SQL Server based #Data #Warehouse #Developer for a very exciting internet company in SF\""
"13114" "\"so excited for the Ep coming soon\""
"13115" "\"And then in 2010 when he had the chance, he had one of his cold streaks which hurt.\""
"13116" "\"Best epic moment of the day: texting my friends about ninjas. Haha freaking love it :D\""
"13117" "\"\\"The discovery of greatness in her legs came too late for the kind of dreams a younger woman might have.\\" Use my 1 NYT article: ol' runner.\""
"13118" "\"Congratulations on winning the Glen Broom scholarship, ! Cheers to lots of success ahead in the #pr industry!\""
"13119" "\"Yes, it's a fabulous way for an author to add personal texture their story. Tx for your interest, Hal!\""
"13120" "\"180 dbs of sound pressure are created to scare fish into the Humpback's bubble net! That's like an airplane!\""
"13121" "\"Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops.\""
"13122" "\"well, I believe that a pool party at your house is well overdue. Don't mind if I invite myself over... hah!\""
"13123" "\"We're probably the coolest and best apartment matching service you know. Just call us The Love Doctor of #apartment pairing. ;)\""
"13124" "\"we usually need coffee to stay awake and alert! You should have given up ALL ALCOHOL......\""
"13125" "\"Summer of the Shark: I am seeing real footage of an 8yr old getting attacked by a shark! His right arm and leg are off!\""
"13126" "\"what's with the price swing in the case of cheddar vs. others on AMZN? I'm ready for my 3rd case and I'm distraught.\""
"13127" "\"ur so angry that the bulls are out aren't ya? Lol\""
"13128" "\"depends how good the software developers are :P\""
"13129" "\"S/o to my new follower Long time no see.\""
"13130" "\"Scotch and thin mints\""
"13131" "\"There is a Halt for a reason. Somebody has doubt...hm let justice prevail.\""
"13132" "\"What a beautiful day out today! Today is a perfect day to __________.\""
"13133" "\"How many samples of candy does this confectionery giant give out each year? Rachel indulges at the Sees Candy Factory Sat (12/4/10) @ 8:30pm\""
"13134" "\"next time.\""
"13135" "\"but you do dance!!\""
"13136" "\"Hey! Me too!\""
"13137" "\"Torn between #TeamChad and #TeamSharon. Can I have 2 votes? ;-)\""
"13138" "\"Graeters, candy bar surrounded by ice cream. While undeniably good, no Jeni's.. kids still happy though!\""
"13139" "\"GOVT, BANKS,INSURANCE CO: YOU ARE HERE TO SERVE US; WE ARE NOT HERE TO SERVE YOU; TREAT US IN ANY OTHER MANNER, YOU ARE FIRED.\""
"13140" "\"Everyone that sees this tell your friends to follow me ....its time to see who's real in here\""
"13141" "\"Thanks for following us! is a huge Boys & Girls Club supporter all across the U.S. and we appreciate you!\""
"13142" "\"Don't miss Novotus at the TLNT Transform Event! #tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!\""
"13143" "\"Can't believe we're less than a month away from the\""
"13144" "\"i just came across > 's channel and omg LMAOOOO!!!!!!!! ur super funny! xD\""
"13145" "\"Good Morning World Don't forget to stop by Super Impact Super specials going on check it out\""
"13146" "\"Missed today, about to watch it now. I know it won't be as fun without all the #uppers providing conversation\""
"13147" "\"Grizzly man is about to get attacked by a Grizzly...go figure.\""
"13148" "\"It AINT none of your friends business.\""
"13149" "\"lol nigga got me wit the same shit after school\""
"13150" "\"Ok, I get it. This isn't a quiet floor. Still, it's probably not appropriate for you to play booty jams over your laptop speakers.\""
"13151" "\"Archaic Age Greece begins with writing around 750 BC. Greece was not apart from the Near East as now acknowledged by classicists reluctantly\""
"13152" "\"is there some sort of joke I'm missing?\""
"13153" "\"The Autobarn Volkswagen of Evanston Announces Spring Sprint Event During April - TribLocal\""
"13154" "\"enjoying my day !\""
"13155" "\"Off to downtown DC for the #Caps home opener later tonight. GO CAPS!\""
"13156" "\"Thank you! Please do.\""
"13157" "\"Love spending time with my family (:\""
"13158" "\"Business in the front Party in the back .😜\""
"13159" "\"hipmunk.com, (started by Reddit cofounder) RT : What are the best flight search engines for last minute international travel?\""
"13160" "\"has given my cat a nickname - Keyser Soze. I'm not sure this is a term of endearment.\""
"13161" "\"Business Cards\""
"13162" "\"Tune in2 WSOC TV tonite at 5pm to learn more abt one of the MANY incidents that has sparked a campaign against ... Pls RT\""
"13163" "\"Shout Out To Preciate The Support - BAM!!!\""
"13164" "\"ima go bak to sleep its to fuhken early to be up at this time on a Saturday\""
"13165" "\"thank you ;)\""
"13166" "\">>> I'm working ICE get ready\""
"13167" "\"Melias decent. Used to be a Renaissance. Area is kind of quiet/dead though. You may be better off staying in midtown.\""
"13168" "\"Firefox generally does better for me.\""
"13169" "\"Are the Hunger Games a Biggest Loser spinoff?\""
"13170" "\"aw. That's so nice!!! Well you'll have to do it one day when you're not on lockdown lol\""
"13171" "\"RT : TwitFace Tuesday! Mention this and score a cup of clam chowder for $5. Open 11ish-4\""
"13172" "\"Walmart in Meadville with and\""
"13173" "\"God Morning Madison, SMBMad regulars and newbies RT : Good morning #smbmad !\""
"13174" "\"Soon i might post things on tumblr.\""
"13175" "\"I can't beat her - well maybe once :-)\""
"13176" "\"RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ...\""
"13177" "\"Anyone have some ideas for T shirts?\""
"13178" "\"Short-sleeve warmup jackets are the new Spanjans\""
"13179" "\"grandma jut called me a 'stupid teenager' from the other room. (yes, grandma, I can hear you.)\""
"13180" "\"If you listen to the right music with the windows down, the #Nashville #cicadaattack provides a little extra eerie quality.\""
"13181" "\"Even the characters on that 70s show are moving on with their lives\""
"13182" "\"My 15 year old daughter went to the circus tonight w/her older sister. She came back needing a grin-ectomy. Who would have thunk?\""
"13183" "\"#wcphilly #day2 About to get started here at the Philadelphia Center for Architecture for WordCamp Philly Dev Day.\""
"13184" "\"Lol my Birthday Is Tomorrow April 24 Not Today! thanks For The 2 Early Happy Birthdays Thoe!\""
"13185" "\"What comes around goes around :D\""
"13186" "\"What a gwarn homme. Me nar see you lately\""
"13187" "\"Let the night begin!\""
"13188" "\"Girls at bars are super annoying. \\"Like omg omg like hi whaat?\\"\""
"13189" "\"Another Monday at work almost done, only 600 days to go.\""
"13190" "\"tonight. making noise and sounds on kissfm at 10pm. you should listen. it will be life altering.\""
"13191" "\"Watching Baaba Maal's captivating performance streamed via Berlin\""
"13192" "\"and remember m is to m 😁\""
"13193" "\"The heat is making me grouchy.\""
"13194" "\"Cannot wait to see #HungerGames tonight!\""
"13195" "\"Happiness starts within\""
"13196" "\"In the bed\""
"13197" "\"I told Andy MacPhail to release Justin Duchsherer today. Apparently running a no-kill shelter for hobbled pitchers has no tax benefit.\""
"13198" "\"when ppl stick out their hand in lieu of a hug to pass the peace while saying amen to sermon on gentleness, kindness or love\""
"13199" "\"stick in the brown ale\""
"13200" "\"These are the nights that I even wonder why I bother cheering for the #Bucks. Simply atrocious tonight.\""
"13201" "\"So proud of my girl! She won most photogenic, best personality, & queen of her division! CONGRATS BABY GIRL!!!\""
"13202" "\"go team Joe Jonas! That's awesome.\""
"13203" "\"Thanks so much for the RT and enjoy the PBL resources!\""
"13204" "\"Women, children and baggage of the British prisoners will be sent to PA by ships while the men will march from Canada to Pennsylvania.\""
"13205" "\"Ok....just checking. Otherwise we might have had to say you're crazier then Charlie Sheen right now.\""
"13206" "\"What are some cute tumblr urls? I want to change mine!\""
"13207" "\"like! Oh wait this isn't Facebook\""
"13208" "\"I'm planning to give my humidifier some extra time off after working so hard the last few days. I think that's quite nice.\""
"13209" "\"Happy #FF to some Design friends\""
"13210" "\"I think what I'm most excited for this summer is sleep.\""
"13211" "\"I want to go to Yen Chings Friday. Who wants to go?!\""
"13212" "\"Sending an #FF to ! Today marks a month since yall followed me & made me the happiest girl in the whole world! Love yall! <33\""
"13213" "\"that means alot bro please spread the word we need more likes on facebook and back to the studio we go!\""
"13214" "\"I've got it! Sock puppets to play out private inner conflict. The puppeteers just darn.\""
"13215" "\"She would change everything for happy ever after, Caught in the in between of beautiful disaster..\""
"13216" "\"The creatives get no play on 'The Pitch' It's all about the execs.\""
"13217" "\"s/o for the follow\""
"13218" "\"Right on, girl. Hope to see you this summer!\""
"13219" "\"Attention Facebook Friends!We will be removing our friend page the end of May and moving to our Like page. Like us today!...\""
"13220" "\"okay sis and tommy message u on it\""
"13221" "\"come teach me and I'll pay the cost of losing to u. I'm sitting alone with a dealer\""
"13222" "\"How can that be? Didn't the kids *just* head back to school?! RT : - I know, it's almost Halloween!\""
"13223" "\"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. ~ Robert Frost\""
"13224" "\"The are a lot of companies that a bad mojo. Be wary of them.\""
"13225" "\"i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died\""
"13226" "\"OC burgers! Yum\""
"13227" "\"u is sexy\""
"13228" "\"NO you didn't !\""
"13229" "\"waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning\""
"13230" "\"Gnome UI of Linux Mint is full of signs of trying to copy Mac OS X Lion, only in that all icons are inferior...\""
"13231" "\"I haven't played Wii in soo long. I'm excited :D\""
"13232" "\"You are the best graduating buddy ever!\""
"13233" "\"You kinda annoy me more than you should.\""
"13234" "\"Check my tweets from lasts week...I posted a pic of the boots! Miss you too...have you booked your flights yet? ;)\""
"13235" "\"thanks for the follow!\""
"13236" "\"Hit \\"LIKE\\" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight\""
"13237" "\"blah, call in sick!\""
"13238" "\"don't be a dumbass\""
"13239" "\"Sun is shining. Blue sky's breaking through. It is going to be a beautiful day! Are you going to join us at the Urban Bear Fair to enjoy it?\""
"13240" "\"I don't know how NBA players can focus during commercial breaks. These dancers are giving me a headache and I'm not even on the court\""
"13241" "\"My 24\\" bright red Husky digital level just needs a Thrasher sticker for complete beauty.\""
"13242" "\"My eyes are wide-open throughout the nighttime hours to reflect on your word. Ps. 119:148 (oh to make all of Ps. 119 one big faith decree)\""
"13243" "\"Shouts out to the guy blasting music and talking loudly to himself in the library when everyone is trying to study\""
"13244" "\"Bus full of cops heads past protesters toward bridge. Just going home. Like me.\""
"13245" "\"Already got it planned fri is gurls night out if not tht then chill day jus for me.\""
"13246" "\"CHI-Town! I'm on the decks tonight inside from 9pm-12am! Come out for some crazy cocktails and cool tunes!\""
"13247" "\"Happy to see so many taking advantage of our upcoming New Member Orientation on Feb. 9th. Great opportunity to meet ppl and learn about us!\""
"13248" "\"you like little ceasers pizza , hot && ready baby ^_^ <3\""
"13249" "\"princeton is taken so dont trip\""
"13250" "\"Miss America 2012 ok Iowa cool\""
"13251" "\"Teacher Librarians are VITAL in helping teachers and students learn and use technology.\""
"13252" "\"awww it's never too late to start back up again!\""
"13253" "\"'Thanks to Most excellent' Thom Yorke\""
"13254" "\"Au Bon Pain always teases me by putting a ton of hummus with only 4 cucumber slices. How do I eat the rest of the hummus? W/my FINGERS? OK.\""
"13255" "\"amazing night =]\""
"13256" "\"i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there\""
"13257" "\"ur icon = flawless\""
"13258" "\"The Girls in the House Wii Dance Party. The Boys: Halo on the 360.\""
"13259" "\"that's y I didn't put her on fb. Cuz no one here will go to wal mart and tell\""
"13260" "\"Good morning from PA!! Flying by to say hello. Hope you have a great week. Wishing you all the best. Take care.\""
"13261" "\"happy earth day\""
"13262" "\"All is great! Mad OB busy but that is good! You? How is life post IK-12?\""
"13263" "\"we're going to have to make you to sign an NDA if you're going to keep giving away our product roadmap…\""
"13264" "\"I get it in lmao inch by inch\""
"13265" "\"Watch at 5 & 6pm for more info on donating & collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick & his family\""
"13266" "\"I love offensive stuff and the French. Oh wait, I'm being redundant.\""
"13267" "\"Category 4-B Winner is Mark Leshock\""
"13268" "\"hello! Love the new name and I'm following you now. :)\""
"13269" "\"omg he's the best. Hahaha his shoes were just amazing\""
"13270" "\"#welcometostatenisland where everyone hangs out at the only mall around\""
"13271" "\"Yeah. Was down in Seattle for two days to watch baseball. How have you been?\""
"13272" "\"I wake up and mtv puts \\"boyfriend\\" hm.\""
"13273" "\"Gonna get a little bit sideways\""
"13274" "\"Hecka sick though.\""
"13275" "\"thanks for the shoutout\""
"13276" "\"Flatbread Feature: Buffalo Chickenw/ onion, tomato & ranch dressing Soups: Blood Orange & Raspberry Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable\""
"13277" "\"Happy easter to .bring yo leftover candy to studio for #Venice crew\""
"13278" "\"Some slang needs to be revived\""
"13279" "\"i love glee!! i spent 4 days straight watching itt!! XD and you are my favorite character! :) please retweet me and follow!\""
"13280" "\"I didn't know they gave out rings at the holocaust ahahah. Love this movie\""
"13281" "\"allowed a lowlife piece of human trash, and his weak-willed wife, to adopt two once-innocent children.\""
"13282" "\"20 miles from Cleve...any chance u can leave 2 tix for my wife and I at Will Call...Nov Rain was our long as hell wedding song!!\""
"13283" "\"Like seriously, let me screw up on my own. I'm going to have to find out on my own sometime. Don't sit here and sugar coat it for me.\""
"13284" "\"Glad to follow but need more tweets from your brilliant ! Don't you agree?\""
"13285" "\"Can't wait to my cousin come back home! Things will be so much better! We will be inseparable, like we once were!\""
"13286" "\"hey! Can you dm Christian too? I can't go a day without watching his vids! I even downloaded doctor stalker off of iTunes. Thx\""
"13287" "\"that was my chocolate little man lol\""
"13288" "\"I thank God for the newly unexpected that happens in life....& those who have contributed to make new life possible......\""
"13289" "\"Going to call my mom on to greet her Happy Mother's Day and to ask her to do my laundry. Happening before 6p.\""
"13290" "\"Do you listen to #music at work? What's on YOUR #Humpday playlist? Right now - chugging along with a little Cut Chemist. Makes life funkier.\""
"13291" "\"RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.\""
"13292" "\"Yeah, what's the story. My wife got an email about it, but thin on details. I fear Ohio Regents takeover\""
"13293" "\"The most healthy reaction to life is pleasure.\""
"13294" "\"great!! Now, if only someone would map porcelain routes from China-Europe-America for me!!\""
"13295" "\"how do I get my Spotify to stop playing Spanish and Finnish music? I only want English.\""
"13296" "\"sick bro\""
"13297" "\"Had a good workout :)\""
"13298" "\"Do you have what it takes. Ladies sign up for THE EROTIC CHALLENGE and lets find .com\""
"13299" "\"thanks for the follow! Rutgers is one of my continuing and professional education clients, love working w/ your institution!\""
"13300" "\"very disappointed in your take on #Wisconsin. If you did ANY research you'd realize these moves make complete sense.\""
"13301" "\"How about my #Flyers? 😏\""
"13302" "\"139 cappers with their pks on tonights games posted today with 2 cons in college and NBA has Warriors & Ov and off a 5-3 cons on Mon\""
"13303" "\"WHAT? that's just out of control! I will only honk at nice people from now on.\""
"13304" "\"Same here in Tennessee!\""
"13305" "\"Let me know when it's fully operational...\""
"13306" "\"Uh, that sounds cool.\""
"13307" "\"Thanks for following!\""
"13308" "\"“: that is the best one so far adam i said in that beard is a whole hobbit village” Awesome TG!\""
"13309" "\"U.S.A, the state of missouri:)\""
"13310" "\"\\"I'm like, 'WTF?'\\" New saying. Then busting out in dance.\""
"13311" "\"Erie Island Downtown on E. 4th!\""
"13312" "\"i guess twitter is now the hunger games! because it picks random celebrites and killing them off!\""
"13313" "\"movin to alaska...*sniff* :( miss ya guys!!!!\""
"13314" "\"Yes please most definitely yes.\""
"13315" "\"oh yeah? The food is good I like it.\""
"13316" "\"Did you know that Vitahl Medical Aesthetics is 1% of Botox injectors in the country, and considered one of the best Denver Botox offices?\""
"13317" "\"Made 's buttered crouton salad w/avocado &smoked salmon for lunch (but dbled the avocado--bc life is short & needs more avocado.\""
"13318" "\"Might be a sleeve on the shooting arm RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband.\""
"13319" "\"thanks for the mention!\""
"13320" "\"Thanks for following doll (: Let's not be strangers! (:\""
"13321" "\"Thanks for the follow! Maybe we'll see you at the next Las Vegas #CashMob on April 21st. Stayed tuned for more deets!\""
"13322" "\"hope you get invited to their trailer\""
"13323" "\"you know, we've been talking about basically the same thing for about 3 years now..\""
"13324" "\"re read your article about cold calls, I am attempting to do the same with a travel blog, did this allow u to close sales?\""
"13325" "\"Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #5 on the charts of Reverbnation in rap\""
"13326" "\"The moment your born you have less time to live your life. It's time to start living your life.\""
"13327" "\"SOX: #RedSox not messing with success, sending out same line-up against #Royals LHP Danny Duffy. Daniel Bard for Boston. 8:10 start.\""
"13328" "\"I checked out ya video shit was hot\""
"13329" "\"hanging out with the mom today\""
"13330" "\"frontrow sports in Vegas We just happened to be there when they were opening their daily shipment the guy was shocked they got any\""
"13331" "\"im so sorry I just have to say this your surper freaken HOT ;]\""
"13332" "\"ATL BECAUSE IM WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW LOL WEIRD\""
"13333" "\"I love it when you fight. Fight Night in Vegas is off the chain.\""
"13334" "\"What was your favorite wine that you had a chance to sample?\""
"13335" "\"I know a guy going to see Van Halen tonight. Those guys arent young anymore. Even worse- Kool & The Gang is opening for them! Ha!\""
"13336" "\"Thanks for making my morning with your 2012 campign playlist! OFA.BO/pHpWYy :: it's on spotify!\""
"13337" "\"Up early lots of errands to do. Blah\""
"13338" "\"just stay away from the bottled violence.\""
"13339" "\"hope u all had a great wkend songwritn n singin in Nashville, LUV IT!\""
"13340" "\"*Shaking my head remorsefully* I don’t know. We’ve managed to find out is that she ran out on her husband about four months ago.\""
"13341" "\"It's starting! Mother's Day Makeover & See it live @ 9 am on\""
"13342" "\"Did you see Santorum talking about the \\"Republican Aristocracy?\\"\""
"13343" "\"The greatest gift you can give this Christmas season is Jesus. No shopping, wrapping, or frenzy required!\""
"13344" "\"With apologies… If anyone has a moment, pls check email for brief call for assistance on behalf of prof.\""
"13345" "\"you. o.o\""
"13346" "\"Kid inks new song standing on the moon reminds me why he's my favorite!\""
"13347" "\"Congratulations to for proving that only a real Christian can win the heart of a real American.\""
"13348" "\"'Journalism is sometimes about footnotes, we write something small to say something big'\""
"13349" "\"shoutout to my new and old followers!!\""
"13350" "\"Although that \\"puppy\\" face is funny, I'm going to change it to my icon.\""
"13351" "\"THEY ARE RIOTING IN LONDON AND ALL OVER ENGLAND IF THAT SHITHITS HERE HOW WILL YOU REPRESENT!!!!!!!!\""
"13352" "\"We're looking forward to the August edition of ! It will be Farm to Plate Restaurant Week and you can read all about it!\""
"13353" "\"I hate timid ass drivers! Grow some balls and drive!!! Or stay home! UGH!!!\""
"13354" "\"New topic - Upgrading to E-M5 or Switch to Nikon D7000\""
"13355" "\"#Chopped is playing the theme music from #Halloween. Surely, the entree wasn't that bad.\""
"13356" "\"Well this really sucks! I have a cold! :'(\""
"13357" "\"Sweet!! RT : In honor of our 10th anniversary, #happyhour is extended til 9pm ALL MONTH!!! Come and get it!\""
"13358" "\"Some GREAT thinkers frm\""
"13359" "\"On this day in 1800 Congress approved a bill establishing the Library of Congress. I've used its collection; God bless Congress.\""
"13360" "\"that's kinda what I was figuring!!\""
"13361" "\"some people never cease to amaze me.\""
"13362" "\"\\"So What Instrument Do You Play?\\" Smh I Am The Business Behind The Operation, Not The Talent...\""
"13363" "\"Wow! Does that person need a hug???\""
"13364" "\"GOD IS A DJ, LIFE IS A DANCEFLOOR, LOVE IS THE RHYTHM, YOU ARE THE MUSIC! RT\""
"13365" "\"Edition Georges Chakra and Ports 1961 fashion shows were both great! Now time for Fashion's Night Out!\""
"13366" "\"Sunny and warm Saturday. Bring a bagchair, bike & make a morning centered around the Market. Weekly entertainment & free parking garage\""
"13367" "\"part 1 was good(:\""
"13368" "\"I'm going to be late for my fucking orientation. Mother!! Hurry up with my damn pills!!\""
"13369" "\"Never get too comfortable, you'll get a rude awakening.\""
"13370" "\"any word on your car?\""
"13371" "\"I Don't Juss Love BTR Because Of Who They Are, But Who They've Become Over All These Years. Still Four Normal & Humble Amazing Guys <3 (:\""
"13372" "\"Beautiful. Is it a boy? (you said \\"he\\") And when is he/she due?\""
"13373" "\"Playing darts and drinking 50 cent beer.\""
"13374" "\"My darlin' baby..\""
"13375" "\"Man I tell you !!! SMH\""
"13376" "\"Doing diabetes section in your medic class and you just wanna skip the section cause you're already a pro on it... #diabeticslife 😔\""
"13377" "\"Harry Potter deathly hallows part 2 nominated for 3 oscars.\""
"13378" "\"Okay. Is it just me, or did get fucking sexy...\""
"13379" "\"'Member thirsty boy from the set we worked on? Y he gon' text me 2 say his bro opening up 4 Ray J... What?! Lmao. Smh...\""
"13380" "\"haha oh, more statuses about checking out girls? G, I think we need to have a talk.\""
"13381" "\"I #FollowYou you follow me(:\""
"13382" "\"#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a male victim's life spiraling out of control.\""
"13383" "\"if go 2-3 the last 5 games of the season will have to go 5-0 to force 1 game playoff.\""
"13384" "\"Neotame (Pronunciation [NEE-oh-taym]) is an artificial sweetener that is 8,000 times sweeter than sugar.\""
"13385" "\"Didn't get on twitter alot today but I promise I'll be on more for the rest of the week :)\""
"13386" "\"I don't want to worry about my girlfriend talking to other guys and shit. Relationships are too stressful.\""
"13387" "\"Development We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it\""
"13388" "\"gawd, I know the feeling.\""
"13389" "\"THIS WHOLE ALBUM.\""
"13390" "\"About to pig out for birthday !\""
"13391" "\"# HATERZ are like ANTS. They're EVERYWHERE and they're way more AFRAID of YOU than YOU should be of THEM... Happy Monday!\""
"13392" "\"at penn brew u 2012. i might be an alcoholic.\""
"13393" "\"have a gr8 race! RT : Back from to get my packet and some shiny new shoes too! Weather looks good for t\""
"13394" "\"Hey rushers go and follow go if u have'nt already :D\""
"13395" "\"#askSarah What's it like being with Alex? Y'all are too cute. :')\""
"13396" "\"Paul Pierce the best player on the Celtics\""
"13397" "\"Obama pledges tough enforcement of Wall Street reforms\""
"13398" "\"I am getting..\""
"13399" "\"I dont work anymore in Golds Gym - Eastern and Serene. i changed the location.... for my new clients ,contact me for details. Thnks\""
"13400" "\"Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . ♥\""
"13401" "\"i'm finna act up\""
"13402" "\"Statistically, your chances of winning the lotto are not measurably improved by buying a lottery ticket.\""
"13403" "\"I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.\""
"13404" "\"All I do is play 2k lol\""
"13405" "\"HB1150 would evaluate schools in a similar way that MCCOY assesses youth programs - thx Amy Carter\""
"13406" "\"I last peed on another continent.\""
"13407" "\"What are the safest countries, cities, & towns to live in? Which of them have the least amount of crimes? The end of money will end crimes.\""
"13408" "\"glad you like it!\""
"13409" "\"Just let my love Adorn you\""
"13410" "\"just to tell u that this is stupid and I don't wanna go weeks without talking to u,erase that crap u wrote and cut on Skype\""
"13411" "\"I was happy :)\""
"13412" "\"nothing against finding people. But telling people to call 242-COPS and passing it off as a headline deserving investigation?\""
"13413" "\"Ima ima make u my bitch,\""
"13414" "\"SCORE! That's some badass looking gear!\""
"13415" "\"By the way! I LOVE THE SITE!\""
"13416" "\"N btw your hair looks awesome!\""
"13417" "\"So, Cormac McCarthy is the best ever, right? I'm not alone in this?\""
"13418" "\"lucky you!;)\""
"13419" "\"#TrueStory when I'm not home for a few hours,sumtimes I call my house&leave a msg so my dog can hear my voice!LMAO is this normal behavior?\""
"13420" "\"I deserve the best, & I will find it.\""
"13421" "\"The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it\""
"13422" "\"checked all your sites. Ready when you are. ;)\""
"13423" "\"I'll be fangirling at the airport. :D so exited for my cousin's arrival!! :D\""
"13424" "\"And to clarify, again, the event is on the 24th NOT the 31st. Please spread the word :)\""
"13425" "\"85 bus is 35 minutes late and counting\""
"13426" "\"Do something amazing this weekend.\""
"13427" "\"Cool, I'm watching basketball\""
"13428" "\"You guys slow dancing?\""
"13429" "\"Okay. Are you still \\"with\\" Courtnee?\""
"13430" "\"Marshall-ism of the Day: Relationships are like teeter-totter scales. They come together because each side balances the other.\""
"13431" "\"or, that should be a question: \\"wanna go sit in Tenochtitlan & cry?\\"\""
"13432" "\"I'm working 1130-6...come see me?\""
"13433" "\"Sansa is growing on me.\""
"13434" "\"“I was homeless, but I wasn’t hopeless. I knew a better day was coming.” Chris Gardner\""
"13435" "\"Last year's flood was a huge headache, but the grass in my backyard that was submerged (and then some) looks nice and green. Silver lining!\""
"13436" "\"#ImSingleBecauase I try to hard to get with a girl\""
"13437" "\"my balls hurt. i mean the balls of my feet of course. i might have to rock some flats at mad planet tonite and give the balls a break.\""
"13438" "\"Staying at the Nathan Hale Inn again. Hope they #getitright this time\""
"13439" "\"Heading to #RutgersUniversity New Brunswick campus to talk on group panel & talk to Library Science students on #UserExperience Research!!!\""
"13440" "\"I just finished a 6.56 mi run with Nike+ GPS.\""
"13441" "\"my total workout time per week is currently < 3 hrs.\""
"13442" "\"I'd like everyone to please fuck the fuck off.\""
"13443" "\"I'm shaaawasted !\""
"13444" "\"“ looking for a #chicago realtor!”\""
"13445" "\"Thanks, Sadhbh!!! This could be a game changer.\""
"13446" "\"Thanks 4 the follow! Great to connect with you!\""
"13447" "\"Ready to get 18 in with Daddio.\""
"13448" "\"Thanks for RT'ing my single! :)\""
"13449" "\"You, sir, are ambitious!\""
"13450" "\"Thanks. Not much different from other name generators -- no lateral, associative thinking, just word blends.\""
"13451" "\"Santa Fe is a little out of my budget for travel. It does look like a great place to visit. I may venture there eventually. Thks.\""
"13452" "\"Definitely bout to get darker!\""
"13453" "\"Why you no follow me?!\""
"13454" "\"Why is Batman Return on CMT?\""
"13455" "\"are you trying out for season 12??\""
"13456" "\"Thanks to my family, friends, and supporters. The Mayor's race is over, but the work to rebuild Baltimore continues.\""
"13457" "\"Wilco sounds like a toy company and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot sounds like a fox-racing game of some kind. That was my initial assumption.\""
"13458" "\"I KNOW i've been workin all weekend :(\""
"13459" "\"Grabbed my , made it to Farmers Market, then home for last hour of It's the start to a great weekend.\""
"13460" "\"what happened to summer?\""
"13461" "\"The start of another long day, but I've gotten one thing accomplished already! TGIF Everyone!\""
"13462" "\"i'm a little behind on my WaxPo's...ima have to check for it.\""
"13463" "\"have a fantastic Friday!\""
"13464" "\"We gon drank.. We gon smoke.. We gon Party!!!... All b4 the sun even go down... We got it GOIN ON!!!\""
"13465" "\"Damn, I hope you're feeling right soon...\""
"13466" "\"great work today!\""
"13467" "\"Starting a new anthro/archeo list if anyone is interesting. Suggestions? Any ideas for ways to meld the LIS/Info degree with anthro?\""
"13468" "\"ha my sister just sent me that...I think in hopes I'll move out there with her! It's be a cool job though\""
"13469" "\"oh I ask nerds to do mine\""
"13470" "\"just received my copy of 660 Curries and a sprouting jar lid :-) I can't wait to dig into this cookbook.\""
"13471" "\"so meta? This must have something to do with\""
"13472" "\"i really need to buy some more snacks for work. i'm all cleaned out... and hungry.\""
"13473" "\"I definitely need to find time to write up that piece on the flex classroom we built at UMW...\""
"13474" "\"Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck? People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him.\""
"13475" "\"aaawwww & I wish I Had a dog -_-\""
"13476" "\"Hunger boredom want to be the worlds fattest man, all are great reasons to eat!\""
"13477" "\"\\": okay is it just me or is the music from Burlesque crazy good? #toughlover\\"\""
"13478" "\"plz follow me back im your biggest fan plz follow\""
"13479" "\"I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to infertile women. I'm sure you would have been great.\""
"13480" "\"Hip Hop is my cry for help, the acceptance that i never felt/ the weaker me that reaches out, while the crowd outside just claps and shouts.\""
"13481" "\"good!:D\""
"13482" "\"We truly believe justice for Trayvon is the first step to justice for all of us!\""
"13483" "\"Fireworks were kindaa amazing, all in amazing company <3\""
"13484" "\"That's an old doll. ;)\""
"13485" "\"pretty wild eh?\""
"13486" "\"Daily quote: \\"Taxpayers need to know that major projects will be delivered to time & to budget\\" Francis Maude, Cabinet Minister\""
"13487" "\"Thanks to all of the KILLER kudos we received at the benefit today! We were PROUD to play for GREAT people for a GREAT cause!!!\""
"13488" "\"Happy New Year everybody!\""
"13489" "\"“: Nobody will change until they want to, so stop frustrating yourself by trying to change other people. Pray, and let God work!”\""
"13490" "\"I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment.\""
"13491" "\"I'm staying home to watch it!\""
"13492" "\"Organizations have personalities as people do. #amigosplots (what do your orgs conversations convey? What is your orgs personality?)\""
"13493" "\"dinner impressing as expected. Katie Rose's cocktails blowing me away. When's this place opening for real?\""
"13494" "\"I hate the Yankees.\""
"13495" "\"RT : Tonight is Taco Night at the mix!! cc\""
"13496" "\"Don't judge me for being a slut. Judge me for fucking your boyfriend.\""
"13497" "\"We are too! RT “: I'm pumped for . and . tomorrow night at .”\""
"13498" "\"did you live there or were you just a visitor?\""
"13499" "\"Hey girlfriend! Ooh...I have many looks! Depends on my (and my hairstylist's) mood. You're welcome..\""
"13500" "\"Congrats Geek God for the fabulous EW cover and story. When Firefly gets resurrected, I will be the first to tune in!\""
"13501" "\"I make a mean oatmeal.\""
"13502" "\"Ryan won't be around when the Mariners contend. At best, platoon him with Seager at shortstop.\""
"13503" "\"arent they making another one ? Oh wait.. I think thats footloose. Nvrmnd. Lol\""
"13504" "\"The door of opportunity won't open unless you do some pushing.\""
"13505" "\"Great evening at USF-FW Nursing Pinning Ceremony. Congrats to our ASN, BSN, & MSN graduates!\""
"13506" "\"Why can't it be the way it used to be....\""
"13507" "\"'Hadoop' is the new 'algorithm'\""
"13508" "\"- what's on the training agenda for this gorgeous weekend?!\""
"13509" "\"\\"She said keep both feet on the floor next time.... WHAT WAS I FLYING?!\\"\""
"13510" "\"Bling Johnson Show! Season 2 Premier on KBVO TV at 9:30. Watch Party @ Uncle Billy's on Barton Springs! Come hang @ 8:30 PM #LetsGetFamous!\""
"13511" "\"I am now going to use the phrase \\"battle dress\\" as often as possible.\""
"13512" "\"*All I ever wanted/ All I ever needed is here in my arms/ Words are very unnecessary/ They can only do harm.... Enjoy the silence......*\""
"13513" "\"My work is supposed to come out cooler since I'm working from Starbucks, right?\""
"13514" "\"A lot of disasters are happening around the world and Obama cares about his view's on gay marriage, what a faggot\""
"13515" "\"Did you Move to Miami??(:😘\""
"13516" "\"Can the scientists please invent something to keep people from spooging about politics all over your facebook page? K thx bye\""
"13517" "\"back at Delirium for a 2nd night... met some welcoming people there, so I wasn't just some creeper at the bar tonight.\""
"13518" "\"Peter Tosh (The Wailers) was murdered in his home in Jamaica on this day in 1987.\""
"13519" "\"LET'S GO BULLS!! STAYING ALIVE! LET'S BRING IT BACK TO CHI TOWN FOR GAME 7!!!\""
"13520" "\"Is there anything DIDN'T win?\""
"13521" "\"And a Barnes and Noble... but JTown has Tulune's Southside!\""
"13522" "\"RT : Thanks!! You do the same. :) RT : Hope everyone has a great Friday!\""
"13523" "\"Blackstar performing at the House of Blues September 7th...Finally GOOD hip hop comes to Dallas\""
"13524" "\"thanks for coming out!\""
"13525" "\"Why do airports trick u to think gate C10 should come after gate C9 but it's actually about a mile past that by C19?\""
"13526" "\"Thank Edwin 4 the #ff! have a good weekend\""
"13527" "\"Pittsburgh and fans! Pbs is showing le mis 25th anniversary sunday night at 7!\""
"13528" "\"Getting some ink done today. 😄\""
"13529" "\"People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors. -Edmund Burke\""
"13530" "\"haha same here\""
"13531" "\"#projectrunway 100% happy with the results. Just like last week.\""
"13532" "\"was that to anyone in particular? :)\""
"13533" "\"I do a killer British accent. Lol\""
"13534" "\"Suggs ripping his achilles is terrible news for that Ravens D, especially with an aging Ray Ray.\""
"13535" "\"Finally finished and sent out my update. Sometimes the hardest person to support is yourself, ironically\""
"13536" "\"can you give us another spoiler to the finale? please!\""
"13537" "\"Yu kno it feels nice outside when all the birds chirping and singing\""
"13538" "\"that is quite the new patient gift !\""
"13539" "\"lol and i would! you can just call me the postman!\""
"13540" "\"i didn't know that about cats. thanks for the history lesson. go grays!\""
"13541" "\"How many times this week have you gone to OG ??\""
"13542" "\"happy friday to you! We are doing well! Happy to finally be open and serving the community delicious meals!!\""
"13543" "\"If I decline your friend request more than once, you should take the hint.\""
"13544" "\"Enjoy them below, and if another quote didn’t make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments\""
"13545" "\"text me!\""
"13546" "\"hahah well thanks :)\""
"13547" "\"There is a difference between rules and Mandates, I can choose my own health care and light bulbs\""
"13548" "\"for for sharing the Magic Button. It has come in handy at least twice today.\""
"13549" "\"id rathe go to hell\""
"13550" "\"Dude! Need a manager? I watched your 2 vids. Still needs some work but I definitely see some potential. Lemme know, bro!\""
"13551" "\"Secret Society\""
"13552" "\"Really What Happened... Lighten Up My Night!!!\""
"13553" "\"yup it was good lol\""
"13554" "\"You can take the boy out of Wisconsin ....\""
"13555" "\"oh yeah, bourdain is the shit\""
"13556" "\"More than 60% of the keg was gone. Correct?\""
"13557" "\"Im sick in the middle of summer -__- wtf?\""
"13558" "\"The freaking Clippers into the second round. What's next? The Browns going to the Superbowl?\""
"13559" "\"We are now running a special #photography rate - $50 per hour! Contact us for details soon :)\""
"13560" "\"When someone compliments you and you can't stop smiling like an idiot:)\""
"13561" "\"almost lunch time and then off the desk for the rest of the day. hooray!\""
"13562" "\"Oh... Happiness :)\""
"13563" "\"little girl in donut shop w/ her dad; me w/ mine years ago.\""
"13564" "\"i just added all my followers again L ya all\""
"13565" "\"I don't know how any could listen to Tool's 10,000 Days and not hear an artistic masterpiece.....\""
"13566" "\"haha too bad 4 me Amber ;)\""
"13567" "\"Have a wonderful and safe holiday weekend #Chicago!\""
"13568" "\"followed, and omg thanks for the likes\""
"13569" "\"RT : you just won a follower! Thank you! ^NB I really appreciate it!\""
"13570" "\"her cuteness overides the attitude! lol\""
"13571" "\"Um qoinq to bed !!!!\""
"13572" "\"So that's ur opinion\""
"13573" "\"We didn't get in trouble\""
"13574" "\"Don't bother arguing. You said what you thought happened\""
"13575" "\"Whenever i do something wrong i just blame Nolan\""
"13576" "\"then I'll forget to put it in\""
"13577" "\"Write for the chunk, not for the page. -\""
"13578" "\"Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2012 ... - MarketWatch (press release)\""
"13579" "\"When I get off tonight I'm going straight home and sleeping.\""
"13580" "\"that is AWFUL....best wishes for him and you.... so sorry!\""
"13581" "\"m the White Sangria is coming back in a few weeks!\""
"13582" "\"I don't like it when someone puts my \\"\\" in a tweet that makes it seem like I'm praising something that I'm not. Not cool.\""
"13583" "\"CastingDNA.com signs several Casting Directors\""
"13584" "\"RT You looked good until I clicked 'view more pictures' ......Lol\""
"13585" "\"Oh My God! That would be amazing. Where are we all right now? Can we make a date for Azul in May? Or drink Mate?\""
"13586" "\"Whats the difference between a virgin and a washing machine? The washing machine doesnt follow u for two weeks after dumping a load in it!,\""
"13587" "\"You are an ugly a lie you know I love you friend <3 :)\""
"13588" "\"My Man is ALL THAT & THEN SOME!!!! He is working so hard today... So I'm up making him breakfast to take to his job. :-)\""
"13589" "\"thank u nikki! :)\""
"13590" "\"Did I miss the memo... is it no longer acceptable to write X-mas as a shorthand to christmas?\""
"13591" "\"is the website down right now?\""
"13592" "\"I can't WAIT to go to Florida again this August !<3\""
"13593" "\"I watched Star Trek last night and I cannot look at Spock the same after I watched Heroes.\""
"13594" "\"Just saw a plug for Nirvana's 20th anniversary of \\"Nevermind\\" box set - looks sweet!!! Makes me feel old balls though...\""
"13595" "\"First overtime is scoreless between Kansas and A&M in San Antonio. One more OT left, if tied after that we go to penalty kicks.\""
"13596" "\"Wow, lots of people jumping on board to speak Spanish this year! Managers, employees.. An idea whose time has come...www.CalaAcademy.com\""
"13597" "\"could you join us in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk possible Bulls/Rockets trade? on live 5-9 am. ty.\""
"13598" "\"she wants to talk about my dad's failure to eat well. endlessly.\""
"13599" "\"still casting\""
"13600" "\"#SomeWhereOutThere is a woman who wants to tear Mitt Romney apart. HAHAHAHA!!!!\""
"13601" "\"The drinks is on me the weed is all free\""
"13602" "\"Thank ya, kind sir!\""
"13603" "\"Took you long enough big bro..do you remember me?!?!\""
"13604" "\"If I claim to not be a fan of Tom Cruise, why do I own so many of his movies?!\""
"13605" "\"Poetry is going to kill me.\""
"13606" "\"haha love u back RT “: I love the fact that talked on the radio about almost peeing her pants!! Lmao love you lys”\""
"13607" "\"No. Federal judges are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate before taking their place on the bench.\""
"13608" "\"#808PRIDE here! Its about 11:33pm and were up waiting on the ICONIC BOYZ haha crazy crazy crazy TWEET US:)\""
"13609" "\"Hey I had a ball at in ATL - seeing Ed do Unchained and Light Up the Sky at soundcheck was worth price alone - thanks\""
"13610" "\"Boy, I tell you, the religious sector ain't looking too bright these days. This is just sad.\""
"13611" "\"Wish I could, but I won't be able to get away from the office. Thanks for the invite! It sounds hella fun.\""
"13612" "\"He got horns on the hood of his caddy, cruisin round town\""
"13613" "\"Just got my computer all fixed up....Took them 2 hrs over internet... www.mycomputerworks.com mcw\""
"13614" "\"Well gosh...thanks Jerryn!! RT Now being followed by my favorite local architect (other than myself :-)\""
"13615" "\"I know right?\""
"13616" "\"dance in the rain\""
"13617" "\"Sorry about all the random posts. I'm still trying to figure it out. Just don't click on any of the links. Thanks.\""
"13618" "\"oy vey that doesn't sound good at all. I've heard of liquid diets. But its obvious that's not your case. Feel better soon.\""
"13619" "\"I have some pictures of your girl I took with my 35mm when I was there a while ago . What's your email\""
"13620" "\"YOU are amazing! Much ❤\""
"13621" "\"In a just world, there would be no repercussions for me turning around and punching the Sabres fan behind me in the jaw. Repeatedly. Unt ...\""
"13622" "\"Agreed. Perfect champs.\""
"13623" "\"Your mind says 'quit' but your spirit says NEVER!\""
"13624" "\"And GOD himself only knows WHO Else??? Beautiful She is, But Not so smart\""
"13625" "\"Blessed to see another day, blessed to rise again...\""
"13626" "\"Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you a great night and\""
"13627" "\"Couldn't agree more! RT : Don't be afraid to ask for help :)\""
"13628" "\"I used to like #Adele until she was played on the radio what seems EVERY other song\""
"13629" "\"Last day at the visitor center! How crazy!\""
"13630" "\"you go girl!\""
"13631" "\"Likewise Ryan, see you Saturday!\""
"13632" "\"Creating a new you for the New Year? Updated sunglasses and eyewear are the perfect accessory!\""
"13633" "\"If you would like an interview with me! You should contact my management team or one of my publicists!!<3 you all rock!!\""
"13634" "\"I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...and I also know that I'm not blonde. - Dolly Parton\""
"13635" "\"neoliberalism, hegemonic, and ideology all in one sentence! ah, american studies, there you are...\""
"13636" "\"Got an email from my Mom saying that she was sailing past the Strait of Gibraltar. She's on her way to Barcelona!\""
"13637" "\"I farted so much on last night idk how she doesn't have pink eye\""
"13638" "\"Wiskullsin/Eastsider Brewer Bus Tour. May 19. Stay tuned for details...\""
"13639" "\"#floggingmolly is the order of the evening.\""
"13640" "\"Keep dem squares up out ya circle\""
"13641" "\"Show sum FB LOVE...\\"Like\\" Passion Parties by Treco!\""
"13642" "\"Of course! Look forward to meeting you\""
"13643" "\"i-i know that\""
"13644" "\"Will you be mi amor.? <3 ~\""
"13645" "\"Cried three times tonight\""
"13646" "\"No light in The Room.. Keep it this way..\""
"13647" "\"Nice! Bring us a W\""
"13648" "\"You wanna talk about it? I'm up for some conversing...\""
"13649" "\"Omg I love it when parents look at their cell phones and then there head sgo back like a lot lol\""
"13650" "\"Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!\""
"13651" "\"if anyone is spring cleaning, i'm collecting clothes to donate to\""
"13652" "\"Is Chip Kelly really going to the Bucs? #Pac12 is now up for grabs!\""
"13653" "\"new piercing ?? i think soo.!\""
"13654" "\"OH : killed my battery in 3 hours. it needs to be smarter.\""
"13655" "\"then you can go tell the whole world how you sorry life got this person to block because they stupid\""
"13656" "\"I can't stop smiling!\""
"13657" "\"LL LIP LICK HAND EXSTENDED CUM HERE 4 A MIN I GATA THING 4 THICK HIPS BROWN EYES CHANNEL 5 LIPSTICK N U CAN B MY MISSIES BETTER YET MY MISTR\""
"13658" "\"said it best in #welldone! Just wanna make it to heaven. Just wanna make it in! That's being and icon in the kingdom!\""
"13659" "\"Thanks for the mention!\""
"13660" "\"Congrat's on your Pregnancy! Bn following you for over 2years! Luv your products (2.5yrs natural). Plz support & follow us!\""
"13661" "\"It's better to be rejected for who you are than accepted for who you're not.\""
"13662" "\"that is funny... I close my eyes, but nothing happens.\""
"13663" "\"Shes always seeing some other guy's dick then making a lame excuse....\""
"13664" "\"I'm about ready to shoot. I like three 6 mafia 'stay fly' music video got to be very rythmic.\""
"13665" "\"Don't call for the next two hours - we're heading out for our annual holiday lunch!\""
"13666" "\"I've only been on Facebook until now. It's going to take some time to figure out Twitter. LOL!\""
"13667" "\"expect something in the mail c:\""
"13668" "\"Respect co-creators of content. Don't dismiss character histories they have created.\""
"13669" "\"Like many Rochesterians, I owe my whole existence to #Kodak - my parents met there while working!\""
"13670" "\"Wish I was on the plane with and her team for headed to Rwanda again. How I love that place!\""
"13671" "\"damn, wish I was there. For though, I may just drive over right the F now!\""
"13672" "\"Disappointed. I have tickets for 5/12 and looked forward to it. More worried about Brooks. A childhood hero.\""
"13673" "\"Made your fried smashed potatoes to go w/ dinner tonight-OH BABY! So good & what a hit! Nxt-rice pudding; love for breakfast!\""
"13674" "\"Party rockers <3\""
"13675" "\"Don't miss Incubus performing LIVE 9/13 w/ guest Tickets on sale , Box Office (M-F 10-4) or call 800-745-3000\""
"13676" "\"Thank you, sir!\""
"13677" "\"Oatmeal raisin cookies, that look like they have chocolate chips in them is the reason I have trust issues\""
"13678" "\"?!?!?!? I'm just about to leave though!\""
"13679" "\"lmao Mandy :) miss you\""
"13680" "\"Its NOON, and im still up... NO insomnia here.. LOL\""
"13681" "\"Okay Africology, you are all that stands between me and summer. So don't take this personally, but I hate you passionately.\""
"13682" "\"ooohh i see what u did there :D\""
"13683" "\"“Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.”~Sam Ewing\""
"13684" "\"RT : \\"Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration . . and expectation.\\" -Jack Niklaus\""
"13685" "\"I'm so glad you found a place! Fells or Fed? I'm sorry you're missing your place. :(\""
"13686" "\"sounds lyk someone I no u lol\""
"13687" "\"don't need a phone!! She don't answer and it take her 5 days to reply to text. But let me tweet her I bet her ass be on it!👊\""
"13688" "\"Cool! When my wife was pregnant, she'd order O'Douls & turn the label around so folks wouldn't judge! I'm great! Date?\""
"13689" "\"3 minutes in and it's Lewis Black, not , disappointing me.\""
"13690" "\"its good for going to Cuba\""
"13691" "\"“: RT “: its a gift I was born with”<--- shiiiittttt yeah right.”<< #weak in tears\""
"13692" "\"Goodbye Blackberry... Hello shitty ass iphone... Again <3\""
"13693" "\"Happy New Years!\""
"13694" "\"Recruiters will be assigned a small number of adoptable children & will focus exclusively on finding a permanent home for each child.()\""
"13695" "\"that's not my nationality boy byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee\""
"13696" "\"hot yoga in an hour :) yay!\""
"13697" "\"I know. And seen just about every marriage either fail or be dysfunctional. *sigh*\""
"13698" "\"DeMaio says preserve existing transportation system. He says budget isn't balanced bc of road repairs.\""
"13699" "\"#MLV bidding on ya homeboy in a charity auction.\""
"13700" "\"Bet she was a cool lady.\""
"13701" "\"Woke up in a good mood which is unusual for me on a Monday.\""
"13702" "\"Only fight i want now, Manny vs Floyd. My money on Manny\""
"13703" "\"always goes someplace, far away from me:(\""
"13704" "\"Follow me PLEASE (:\""
"13705" "\"No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz and call me maybe\""
"13706" "\"This is how I feel... RT Good riddance to TV. Sad people lose jobs, but that network was atrocious.\""
"13707" "\"Watching Batman Begins with Mom. Very cool way to celebrate Mother's Day.\""
"13708" "\"Total student loans in the US = ~$1 trillion. I think that makes me feel better about mine. I think.\""
"13709" "\"We have FREE Rolling Rock from 6-8pm tonight! Enough said.\""
"13710" "\"The world is my Fried Chicken Combo! I don't like Oysters. Ha.\""
"13711" "\"Damn I need me a homie, lover,friend foreal!\""
"13712" "\"ah......... A Friday evening at the lake without children.\""
"13713" "\"its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 69\""
"13714" "\"heading over to the mall\""
"13715" "\"I should have, and miss you to!!<3 and yes of course ;)\""
"13716" "\"I'm always delighted to serve the community. Get well soon! We'll see you at the next community art event\""
"13717" "\"MUST FOLLOW ALERT! >>>>\""
"13718" "\"Or maybe an early Arbor Day gift... That would be tree-mendous!\""
"13719" "\"if you're able to do so, the girls at wegmans who's name tags say in russian \\"i speak russian\\" love when you flirt with them in it...\""
"13720" "\"y what he do\""
"13721" "\"Getting ready to watch\""
"13722" "\"Yo who is abort that person is too dope\""
"13723" "\"I know :((( lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha\""
"13724" "\"Who knew that Sofia Vergara was in so many commercials?\""
"13725" "\"\\"Al Qaeda Attack Plans Hidden In Porn Video\\" #huffpost Called \\"Pornance Of Arabia\\"\""
"13726" "\"Obvi that was at Coachella doe\""
"13727" "\"I need some ideas for the \\"SECRET INGREDIENT\\" during the Cooking with Friends: IRON CHEF class on Saturday Night! Ready go....\""
"13728" "\"Thanks, I'm trying.\""
"13729" "\"History is so BORING!!!!!!\""
"13730" "\"it has to do with the Denver Broncos….stay tuned for clues and details...\""
"13731" "\"Prairie dogs are not kosher--things I learned at\""
"13732" "\"haha he was my Facebook buddy. i removed him. he claims he spent 50 crores on his films so far.\""
"13733" "\"WHY DO YOU TOUCH MY CHIN?\""
"13734" "\"My new office set up makes me feel like I work at CTU\""
"13735" "\"keep trying, just keep clicking!\""
"13736" "\"I thought Trader Joe's had small, fuzzy potatoes. Then I put on my glasses and realized they were kiwis.\""
"13737" "\"is one of the best looking men ever, he's mad sexy. on the top along with mr. timberlake. Just noticed now.\""
"13738" "\"RT if your single..\""
"13739" "\"do you know if Napoli is staying with Rangers?\""
"13740" "\"lol I heard all about it.\""
"13741" "\"Of course its Vintage KG!\""
"13742" "\"Brew up some fun this weekend...Cheers!\""
"13743" "\"At the airport, on my way to ORD for #saa11!\""
"13744" "\"Those majestic trees of yours R 2 blame..just stepped outside here in gov ctr....hole in the clouds..yay....VERY bright moon!\""
"13745" "\"Awe the Animals on the Today show are cute(:\""
"13746" "\"Good looks on the mention!\""
"13747" "\"looking forward to good times #sakefestPDX tomorrow!\""
"13748" "\"Who is coming to Zombie prom?\""
"13749" "\"You post statuses saying your single, in my eyes your still mine.\""
"13750" "\"right back atcha!\""
"13751" "\"Forgot about Gooch since he got injured so early. Danny Szetela hardly counts, he couldn't make it in MLS by the time he was 23.\""
"13752" "\"Spending this beautiful autumn afternoon with the 3 B's. Burger, beer, book. Maybe a 4th B for Battlefield later on...\""
"13753" "\"Don Cornelius (Soul Train) was pronounced dead today. Indications are that this was an apparent suicide. Pray for him and his family.\""
"13754" "\"I feel certain that if we surround him with the right cast our POTUS will do just that.He can't do it alone.\""
"13755" "\"Phone lines are now open. Be the first tonight to call in to 317-736-0950 and share your thoughts about the last week.\""
"13756" "\"Working on scene stuy hw....cool!\""
"13757" "\"god wants your relationship with Jesus to be as easy as breathing.\""
"13758" "\"or on Sunday? Last time they met won week 13 meeting 38-35\""
"13759" "\"Super excited to try out tonight! Any recommendations on what to order?\""
"13760" "\"oh hell yeah!! Bacon ice cream anyone??\""
"13761" "\"Happy hunting!\""
"13762" "\"Tomorrow's the big day. Cape Town, South Africa!\""
"13763" "\"Thanks! RT : Half Moon wishes all our friends in the US a happy Presidents' Day!\""
"13764" "\"I'm jealous!\""
"13765" "\"this guy is annoying -_-\""
"13766" "\"thank goodness\""
"13767" "\"seems like a pretty legit, non-ignorant, honest way to go about life\""
"13768" "\"People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love. People throw that word around like it's nothing.\""
"13769" "\"Looking forward to the #Curacao Rum party tonight in NYC!\""
"13770" "\"Ass shots\""
"13771" "\"UNLV blows 18 point lead to TCU thanks to 15 turnovers. Rebels will have to tighten up if they want to make a run in the tournament.\""
"13772" "\"what's going on?\""
"13773" "\"RIP Nate Dogg\""
"13774" "\"RT : Just a complete sad day in the NFL!!!\""
"13775" "\"Tru dat! RT : #Aquarians have no qualms about breaking tradition or standing up to authority\""
"13776" "\"18th street NYC you aren't going to know what hit ya!\""
"13777" "\": but is it really? He's a total jackass. And hates working people.\""
"13778" "\"follow me\""
"13779" "\"I Love wall e :)\""
"13780" "\"RT : We're going to give it all we got for the last 30 mins of the week. Come join us on KPTV at 10:58p.\""
"13781" "\"But anyway, I've been listening to a lot of Joe Pug lately. It's pretty good you guys.\""
"13782" "\"The Lombardi trophy needs a redesign, it's pretty lame compared to the Stanley Cup or even the BSC championship trophy\""
"13783" "\"I wish I was Channel Westcoast so I could hang out with Rob Dyrdek all the time.\""
"13784" "\"I. Must. Resist. Following. Any. Kardashian. Twitter, quit tempting me with the Follow suggestions.\""
"13785" "\"This is stupid (phrase) - I suck at this and you're winning.\""
"13786" "\"Welcome to team ! I look forward to learning from you. ;)\""
"13787" "\"consider yourself gotten when I'm back in the neighborhood.\""
"13788" "\"How much you wanna bet Austin is only going to RT people when they say they bought the new Popstar Magazine.?We all know it's true:/\""
"13789" "\"I had a dream last night I traded/discussed music with Ben and Jerry Garcia selling Dead merch at an ajj show. Weird.\""
"13790" "\"Livestrong app kicks ass and makes me look feminine at the same time!\""
"13791" "\"\\"You are the only person I have ever loved that wasn't family\\" oh my God, I just melted inside :')\""
"13792" "\"Glad you got a laugh RT : his impression this morning was spot on! So funny\""
"13793" "\"I'll do my best! Thanks!\""
"13794" "\"Good morning! Tune in now to NBC6 to get your Tuesday going!\""
"13795" "\"To Mick Foley at IMPACT WRESTLING:BRING BACK THE 6-SIDED RING TO \\"IMPACT WRESTLING\\"!\""
"13796" "\"I don't like hearing that they don't treat my sister fairly.\""
"13797" "\"At 2011 regional US Forum Microsoft. Looking forward to keynote\""
"13798" "\"So sleepy, but I'm trying to stay awake for a little longer so I don't wake up at like 9.\""
"13799" "\"Early start today, this lack of dinner service is throwing off my mental clock, not sure how I feel about it\""
"13800" "\"I want it all back .\""
"13801" "\"I'm not a playmate but I'd def be a claymate. Not for Clay, but for claymation.... Nvm.\""
"13802" "\"HA!! Just made it bro. Your right tho. Haha. Check you later man.\""
"13803" "\"Spending quality time w/ the Debster. She just said, \\"Oh, I've wanted to see this 'Tacos for Elephants' movie for a long time!\""
"13804" "\"- you're a couple of stalkers.\""
"13805" "\"wow can't wait for an interview with you. you know we are located in miami beach\""
"13806" "\"thank you so much!!\""
"13807" "\"Real good music = ________. Fill in the blank\""
"13808" "\"Daniellla is my life saver, & got them\""
"13809" "\"We Will Never Forget and they will never stop giving us reasons to remember. #godblessamerica and god help them if they try that shit again.\""
"13810" "\"I picked Wichita State. Had them going to the Sweet 16.\""
"13811" "\"ROFL & CGU! U guys woke me up with Your loud wrds! SMH\""
"13812" "\"I wouldn't mind if IT won't, just cause MN is his trainer. Love him so much\""
"13813" "\"word of the day: yawnsome. battle of the day: data-driven intelligence vs true serendipity\""
"13814" "\"Someone obviously woke up pissed cause now I have to walk to school. -_-\""
"13815" "\"first draft of book 3 is done. I got side tracked with the release of \\"The Writer\\" and \\"Putsch\\" in Spanish.\""
"13816" "\"So I finally build up the courage to ask out this girl and she rejected me........\""
"13817" "\"I think I'm in love with Jayson Werth\""
"13818" "\"My cat seems to think my downstairs neighbor is another cat.\""
"13819" "\"Hot chocolate :)\""
"13820" "\"when's the recital?\""
"13821" "\"Just watched Winter's Bone with my girls...Wow Jennifer Lawrence you're the #%@$\""
"13822" "\"When your away too long, it feels as if apart of me is gone.\""
"13823" "\"Is u a white chick with no Brest?\""
"13824" "\"There comes a point in your life when you realize: Who matters, Who never did, Who won't anymore... And who always will.\""
"13825" "\"Political science, religious studies and social services can be learned at any age at a cheaper price vide distance learning.\""
"13826" "\"Christmas ate 's phone :(\""
"13827" "\"really? O.o\""
"13828" "\"Happy Easter Buttons Family!\""
"13829" "\"I feel bad for anyone that isn't a student at uk!\""
"13830" "\"O.K. Got it. Thanks.\""
"13831" "\"nice shirt :P\""
"13832" "\"It may be invisible but trust is a very big and heavy thing.\""
"13833" "\"I seriously want to punch all the motorcyclist here. Assholes.\""
"13834" "\"it is getting high praise and great reviews. I will see if they have it for Redbox.\""
"13835" "\"Just saw 'Midnight In Paris'. Absolutely loved it. Woody Allen and Owen Wilson make a great team.\""
"13836" "\"Only 2 more months to the start of the new nba season!!! LA Lakers vs LA Clippers @ 10:30 PM EST\""
"13837" "\"trying to concentrate on my homework & work on my new business/marketing plan, but i cant stop thinking about visiting???? hehehe! i luv it\""
"13838" "\"I Bet If I Lick That Spot Then You Wont Act LIke That.\""
"13839" "\"Happy Birthday! :)\""
"13840" "\"Fuck Cancer should be trending on Twitter, but it's not\""
"13841" "\"Congratulations on the new gig. See you at !\""
"13842" "\"how are you related to ate april joy liwanag??? i 've browsed your Baluarte Trip Pictures..so cute.:)\""
"13843" "\"Finally got a fresh cut.\""
"13844" "\"INgrooves' Robb Wells says: The music biz needs to take back music. 's\""
"13845" "\"think of it as double the fun. Milwaukee beer week was rough on my liver.\""
"13846" "\"Counting only weekdays... Only 13 days to Opening Day. Can't wait for the fans see the new videoboard. 6,000 sq ft of AWESOME.\""
"13847" "\"hey how is everything.\""
"13848" "\"Yess i cant wait to see her in it! shes gonna kick some ass\""
"13849" "\"told you! You should have saw it with us when it was hyped up haha\""
"13850" "\"is awesome and works really hard, I think cold beer in the fridge for later will be a nice gesture.\""
"13851" "\"When i see you. I loose my respect for you .\""
"13852" "\"Hve you ever watched The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson?\""
"13853" "\"If it were anyone but you it might be.\""
"13854" "\"You can suck a dick or you can suck on a ball sack\""
"13855" "\"Jamie Moyer is rocking the stirrup socks this year. Which is amazing.\""
"13856" "\"- monitoring away Sensei ~\""
"13857" "\"#imagine You: will you ever love another girl more than me? Austin: yes someday but she will look just like you and will call u mommy <3\""
"13858" "\"is it annoying if we iterate fast & release a slightly-better version every cpl days? Should we batch them & wait a bit?\""
"13859" "\"Waiting for Project Runway. Will post pictures tonight.\""
"13860" "\"did you see 1D yet?\""
"13861" "\"Is it Friday yet?\""
"13862" "\".RT all of the above : Favorite Hustle move? Star arms? Kick ball change? Booty bounce? Let's hear it!\\"\""
"13863" "\"hey D-Nice :) I hope your well :)\""
"13864" "\"LLBean's return policy is crazy. They take anything. ANYTHING. No receipt. My TV's broken, I'm just gonna show up and say I bought it there.\""
"13865" "\"CEO, started off with co-founder by buying from Bloomingdales & testing idea in 3 trunk shows. Test & iterate!\""
"13866" "\"I wish i could do more for my friends & family.\""
"13867" "\"I said Oh-Ee-Oh-Ee-Oh Ice! Ice! Ice! Looks like a #winter wonderland today in #Denver! Love the movie #Bring it on by the way!\""
"13868" "\"Rudy Giuliani Gives 4 Tips for Crisis Management - Administration ...\""
"13869" "\"Painted on abs... nice one, Shaq. Barkley should've added some spray-on chest hair.\""
"13870" "\"yea buddy!\""
"13871" "\"Bunch of new followers over the weekend! Just want to welcome all of you to the Halfcut Family. Enjoy our always good 10% off code- \\"hcc10\\"\""
"13872" "\"Now I understand why a lot of girls turn lesbo! Guys are dumb as eff!!\""
"13873" "\"Yay !! Got home before my sister left ! :D\""
"13874" "\"Thanks! Glad you're enjoying it!\""
"13875" "\"Off to the DMV to get my license renewed.\""
"13876" "\"The company that made agent orange is also the world’s largest provider of genetically engineered crop seeds.\""
"13877" "\"RT : Keep videos short, timely, relatable and realistic. DO NOT think of it as an ad. Remember to experiment.\""
"13878" "\"my dear,it is sold at the store (& they haven't provided the recipe). A mini-restr inside the grocery store,kama zile za nkmt.\""
"13879" "\"no. I think he's overrated. Id like him to be good. He's in his what 7th, 8th year? A .250 hitter isnt good.\""
"13880" "\"ok. And the Geico commercial? Yeah it just came on not too long ago. Haha\""
"13881" "\"Good Morning Bella Have A Great Day And Follow Me\""
"13882" "\"That's the future\""
"13883" "\"Check out -- maybe soon we can make a #BMS Scene!\""
"13884" "\"World star hip hop has to be the funniest website ever 😂😂😂\""
"13885" "\"Be your best self and bring out the best in others.\""
"13886" "\"i honestly thought Ruffalo was better and i really liked Ed Norton in the role\""
"13887" "\"just got back from work ._____. im tired\""
"13888" "\"Watching America's got Talent it's histerical. , funny as hell and Sharon is beautiful\""
"13889" "\"yes. he took $1450 and i have no way of finding him and getting my money back\""
"13890" "\"People make commitments and then they let you down.\""
"13891" "\"and the USC Trojans are routing the Bruins. Let's get this second half started and show them the real champs! #FIGHT ON\""
"13892" "\"Everyone needs to go sign this! If you do nothing, you are part of the problem\""
"13893" "\"Trailers Schwinn Spirit Bike Trailer - schwinn spirit bicycle trailer\""
"13894" "\"Been listening Elvis all morning. Why can't he be alive now. Slightly obsessed with him.\""
"13895" "\"Ripley: \\"I am not going back.\\" Ripley goes back. Hicks: \\"It's a bug-hunt.\\" Ripley: \\"Get away from her, you bitch.\\"\""
"13896" "\"Want to see just how loaded w/ iron & minerals volcanic soils are? Here's magnetic proof from Mt. Etna\""
"13897" "\"Today's personal game plan is to fine tune afternoon PD presentation, complete D.C. administrator licensure and job app., and pay lease.\""
"13898" "\"Have you visited my website lately? I finished my latest guitar painting. http\\:dmgartstudio.com\""
"13899" "\"SKIRRRRRRRRRRRRR ✋ bitch please say it to my face\""
"13900" "\"Tomorrow we're releasing a major report on the state of #ereading in the US. Includes a portrait of e-book readers + their preferences.\""
"13901" "\"Hey! I agree -- singly is thinking expansively - Curious to see how well it resonates. Things are good! Ps can't reply by dm\""
"13902" "\"Grandma is spanish and african, she know she hot!;)\""
"13903" "\"Why can't I just meet Austin and tell him how much I love him tho.\""
"13904" "\"I missed you then, but fuck you now.\""
"13905" "\"Is this race walker-friendly? I don't see walkers mentioned on your website. Where can I see a course map?\""
"13906" "\"This day is already off to a great start. One of my favorite professors just got promoted from Assistant Professor to a Full Professor.\""
"13907" "\"Hated by jealous so they envy me\""
"13908" "\"i will work 4 a peice of the pie!!\""
"13909" "\"you're gonna make your breakfast soggy\""
"13910" "\"I'm chilling though. Idk what's going on. Though.\""
"13911" "\"Happy birthday !! Greatest little sister to ever roam the earth :) Yeah, that's not an exaggeration\""
"13912" "\"Spark wants to know -- do you remembering your favorite science lesson from #BackInElementarySchool?\""
"13913" "\"We fast and pray to achieve proper sonship. You ought to have a discipline to do so.\""
"13914" "\"Quiet morning at the office. I like it when no one is here. Homework or work? Not sure what to tackle first.\""
"13915" "\"WITH. THE. WORST. NEWS. OF. MY. LIFE.\""
"13916" "\"he says I look like her. Idk!! Anyways, Set Your Goals >.<\""
"13917" "\"Silly making me cry. :/\""
"13918" "\"It is great to be alive happy Thanksgiving world\""
"13919" "\"yeah I thought so too. I feel like it didn't get as detailed as I thought it might and I noticed a couple diff things\""
"13920" "\"Darkest hour!!!!!\""
"13921" "\"Merry Christmas!\""
"13922" "\"Love to read the twitter commentary when people are in the middle of watching tv shows.Tweets from the last #FlippingOut are pretty funny.\""
"13923" "\"I was disappointed in Young Adult except for Paton Oswalt was AMAZING!!!!!!!\""
"13924" "\"Miley Is That Really You On Skype MileyrCyrus****\""
"13925" "\"do they have a Facebook by any chance?!\""
"13926" "\"My Crazy Obsession: *Hair*. Natural hair. Braided hair. Straight/curly. Short/long. Fake/real- LOVE IT ALL! ☺\""
"13927" "\"than how am I a liar?! :(\""
"13928" "\"spot on, Tim. Boring hockey. Touch to watch for even the most die hard of fans\""
"13929" "\"Let go Lakers, championship bound w/the fearless leader Kobe Bryant.\""
"13930" "\"yep, that Scott Walker. Unless you are thinking of another one.\""
"13931" "\"thanks for the photos! Love it there. It's so pretty.\""
"13932" "\"I found that platform too busy for my tastes.\""
"13933" "\"A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1953 the Celtics beat the Nationals (111-105) in 4 overtimes to eliminate them from the playoffs.\""
"13934" "\"Baby steps? How long will that take?\""
"13935" "\"i wonder if my neighbors will complain about me singing at the top of my lungs to the gotye song on repeat. WHO CARES i'm leaving soon\""
"13936" "\"well now everything is big so. Im going to have to one piece it\""
"13937" "\"watching #Atlantis prep for #liftoff ... T-8 minutes ...\""
"13938" "\"Actually you know who people are saying things about? Hint: it's someone you've been tweeting up a storm about.\""
"13939" "\"funny! Thanks for the follow.\""
"13940" "\"I keep buying fast food & my phones bills due in a few days.\""
"13941" "\"Ah. I see now.\""
"13942" "\"New Shows Posted! Check out our band page!\""
"13943" "\"Three Wines of #Serbia tastings in #Chicago this week with the owner and winemaker Mr. #Aleksandrovic!\""
"13944" "\"Students want natural lighting, flexible workspaces & more student services from library- architects\""
"13945" "\"Cooking Sauerkraut for lunch. Polish sausage, franks, potatoes, bacon, all simmering in a Sam Adams. We ran 16 this morning, need calories.\""
"13946" "\"To many, the most prominent feature of DH may be the hype surrounding it.\""
"13947" "\"Us too! RT : We agree! RT : We are a little biased here but everyone should support\""
"13948" "\"I should have applied!\""
"13949" "\"Watching and loving PBS Kevin Clash creator of Elmo. Love watching dreams come true.\""
"13950" "\"“ My SOLs next week , times is getting hard. What I'm finna do???? CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT HARD! Ain't no failing on this blvd”\""
"13951" "\"Woah. Once again, your office is way better than our office!\""
"13952" "\"Class time\""
"13953" "\"well Idk yet the hair dye is still it but I like the color\""
"13954" "\"Shot a great interview last night for 21-7 magazine details are soon to follow.\""
"13955" "\"Its only Tuesday ...\""
"13956" "\"IT IS a verb in Spanish :)\""
"13957" "\"Okay, NYC - what do I want for lunch today?\""
"13958" "\"You definitely should! It's a great showcase of local musicians!\""
"13959" "\"Praying for you !! You stay strong! The Weddle family loves you\""
"13960" "\"Only Nick would fall in the pool with his macbook in his backpack. Omg. This kid.\""
"13961" "\"About to go walking with my mom\""
"13962" "\"Twitter is beyond interesting, feels like face book cause I got my face all in this shit. #Just nosey though\""
"13963" "\"#themost This girl with the stank face that just came into Simpkins <<<<<<<<<<<<\""
"13964" "\"Most boring day ever 👎\""
"13965" "\"thanks, they were great! hope to see you again soon!\""
"13966" "\"An update on the Milwaukee Police officer injured by a hit & run driver: spokeswoman says tips ARE coming in.\""
"13967" "\"I wish Thanksgiving was today.\""
"13968" "\"Im your best friend right!! :D\""
"13969" "\"one midterm to go til fall break!\""
"13970" "\"Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<315\""
"13971" "\"in your dreams mister\""
"13972" "\"thanks and once again happy bday!!!\""
"13973" "\"Follow my potato? ILY and ill follow you back :)\""
"13974" "\"Dramatic cost reductions in #3D printing may proliferate the\""
"13975" "\"We may yet see the market manipulators pull the DOW back up above zero.\""
"13976" "\"that is an excellent point.\""
"13977" "\"Good lord, an entire family walked in wearing Ed Hardy. Not sure how to respond.\""
"13978" "\"That's not true. RT Portland's defense is always terrible.\""
"13979" "\"or I actually know the person. I am still waiting for you to stand a post, and do anything as courageous as he.\""
"13980" "\"Pollution in cities: Americans are breathing easier.\""
"13981" "\"Forgive yourself for not being perfect. Then, forgive others.\""
"13982" "\"thank you for being our 600th follower\""
"13983" "\"Yea my phone is finally fixed!\""
"13984" "\"I need to run to Target real quick 🐶🎯 but my mom is not tryna bring me\""
"13985" "\"I JUST WANNA BE\""
"13986" "\"OMG WHEN?! WE MUST HANG OUT WHILE YOURE HERE\""
"13987" "\"Ok I don't really know what I'm doing but I'm just gonna throw it in at 425 degrees. Here goes nothin!\""
"13988" "\"Spent the whole day with family and the best mom in the world! 💗💗💗💗💗\""
"13989" "\"I be that pretty muthafucka !\""
"13990" "\"Awesome shout outs to and #glamwiki in Children's museum partnerships session, re: global partnerships.\""
"13991" "\"whats Ur phone # so we can text\""
"13992" "\"Deleted my fb, I guess I'll start using Twitter more? (: it's just been sitting here ..\""
"13993" "\"by ATC I mean Around The Corner... Sorry ;)\""
"13994" "\"Tellie Is Bonging On Sesame Street ... Smh ...\""
"13995" "\"Hate when motha fuckas try to get me pussy ! Nigga I can get it myself !\""
"13996" "\"Anyone who attended tonights show in Panama City please post pics!! It was a great night thanks to all!\""
"13997" "\"Cooking a steak....m\""
"13998" "\"I want to live somewhere else. Why does Bowling Green have to be so boring?\""
"13999" "\"I think the hater*****e because they have nothing better to do\""
"14000" "\"Holy morning wood! Morning, world.\""
"14001" "\"glad u noticed :) RT: I adore (little big burger) right down to their little plant based straws. Earth Day fast food! Yum!\""
"14002" "\"Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum\""
"14003" "\"It's where the future $$ at and you can't beat the lifestyle. Surf, sand, and all the beautiful locations!\""
"14004" "\"why is you BoyFriend mad lol #does he hate Dustin lol\""
"14005" "\"Stand up to Monsato, no more GMO corn or alfalfa! Almost all corn is GMO, helps stop this!\""
"14006" "\"Cant think of anymore\""
"14007" "\"<3 ahaha I wish we could give ya a hug through twitter! Thanks for being so awesome!\""
"14008" "\"i RT'd 's tweet/link BUT i DONT agree with what was said. There's no 'may be' the best fans ever. #TeenWolf fans ARE the BEST FANS EVER\""
"14009" "\"Minneapolis u do it right. Girls wearing yoga pants!!!!!!\""
"14010" "\"Going swimming \""
"14011" "\"I did as you said. :-) may I have a follow please? Thank you.\""
"14012" "\"Friendly Tip Calculator - Dining with Friends Made Easy and Free on Cinco de Mayo - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)\""
"14013" "\"hope the Lord is blessing yall's day :))\""
"14014" "\"I stopped by Mapco. No goo goos.\""
"14015" "\"Watching Cow & Chicken.\""
"14016" "\"Miami Herald Bags a Luxury Story with LuxeDH\""
"14017" "\"our worst football player falls on the concrete and gets a new revo speed. -.-\""
"14018" "\"Hurling something across the room is probably not the best way to win an argument... but it can be immensely cathartic.\""
"14019" "\"It's My DNA\""
"14020" "\"Redheaded sluts and mic ultras around the table. You'll are missing out!\""
"14021" "\"is Cincinnati that bad?\""
"14022" "\"Thx 4 the RT! U R correct! Most of the growth in San Diego is attributed 2 existing families who remain in the area long-term.\""
"14023" "\"Really annoyed we haven't left yet for overnight Derby party in Cynthiana!\""
"14024" "\"\\"ppl caught in love like whirlwinds-Listening to they squads, listening to girlfriends-that's exactly the point where they whole world ends\\"\""
"14025" "\"I ain't gotta say names you kno who you are just another bitch\""
"14026" "\"okay tami give it a rest she's obviously scared of you. Grow up & act a lady. Trashy you are.\""
"14027" "\"- thanks 4 the follow! I'm a huge JITM fan!! xo, Otter\""
"14028" "\"Some of \\"beliebers\\" are reckless.\""
"14029" "\"oh yeah the little one was for real. I was trying to make her seem like great snake hunter!! She did get that one tho.\""
"14030" "\"I can see the Falcons going all the way this year but I say that every year lol\""
"14031" "\"Today is national cleavage day! In honor of it I will have cleavage all day!\""
"14032" "\"I'm off so I'll come see you!!!!! I miss my Mexicans!!!\""
"14033" "\"DC on Halloween is Cancelled due to club closing... We'll b in Richmond on Tues Nov 2nd @ McCormacks Irish Pub\""
"14034" "\"Very saddening no one my age thinks of the thinks I think of......\""
"14035" "\"Varsity 2012 - 2013 i love my life\""
"14036" "\"This ratting on Obama ridiculous!! This country/ whole world!! lucky to have him! For my left wing friends: go get YOURSELF elected!\""
"14037" "\"young 9, starting to look like Defenders! Class of 2016, we are coming!\""
"14038" "\"lmao I know what your watching\""
"14039" "\"lo siento pero that is not the truth para mi\""
"14040" "\"My guy friends' girlfriend's always like hate me. Why.\""
"14041" "\"Is that my suitemate??????\""
"14042" "\"Tired of turkey? Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 4-9pm. Mention our name to help donate 20%!\""
"14043" "\"Organic is popular in Barcelona: wines, fruits and vegetables, meats, cheeses, beauty products. Also a lot of vegetarian restaurants.\""
"14044" "\"Who wants to play draw something username is charger_gurl\""
"14045" "\"NaLee a wonderous new fantasy check it out at NaLee2010.com the beginning of a TRILOGY ebook $1\""
"14046" "\"Maybe Oakland now drops out of bidding for Manny and he'll sign with\""
"14047" "\"he was dreamy in the interview. I wish i could see it, too.\""
"14048" "\"Wow that was my first sly dig in a while proud of myself <333\""
"14049" "\"miss you too\""
"14050" "\"The #NYRangers are on a tear. This is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team...\""
"14051" "\"are you coaching this year and if so, me and better be team captains. 💋\""
"14052" "\"can I ask why?? Is it cause of Nathan? :)\""
"14053" "\"Colleen McCreary, CPO #ideaseconomy: commitment to talent - 20% of management time spent on talent development. Zynga First = culture\""
"14054" "\"Sorry peeps....We will not be today but the truck will be ready for this weekend! Anthem CC Sun 10a-3p and back to normal next week!\""
"14055" "\"Happy new year\""
"14056" "\"so u can lone me some money then lol\""
"14057" "\"hey love yes I'm here! And I want to see you before I leave\""
"14058" "\"Playing the Val Air Ballroom tonight to benefit Creston after the tornado devastated the city. Y'all better be there so we can raise some$(:\""
"14059" "\"ONE MONTH until my #21st. HALLELUJAH!!\""
"14060" "\"#fridayreads Finished Storm Front by Butcher - better than expected; started Merry Misogynist by Cotterill - love Dr.Siri!\""
"14061" "\"awesome we will certainly be in touch to promote your events to relevant users as the time comes\""
"14062" "\"Smoke herb and watch 'Through the Wormhole' with Morgan Freeman\""
"14063" "\"You can do it!!! You'll rock the end of your first year :)\""
"14064" "\"When I did it I woke up in the middle of the night and was so scared because I was hearing voices....\""
"14065" "\"marvel vs capom3?\""
"14066" "\"A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. -James Beard\""
"14067" "\"Tryna be a better me, you gotta kill me.\""
"14068" "\"what happen tell me cuz i didnt follow them plzzzz tell me !!:)\""
"14069" "\"RT : The first of our SF Green Film Fest reviews is on a movie that draws surprising connections between your cell......\""
"14070" "\"Adorama Giant Contest\""
"14071" "\": contesting digital dualism is as much a political cause as an epistemological one\""
"14072" "\"oh, so this is my life.\""
"14073" "\"is a man of ambition.\""
"14074" "\"awh I'm sorry to hear that :/\""
"14075" "\"Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures. – Evan Esar\""
"14076" "\"Tomorrow is the big day? Ready for the speech?? So proud of you.\""
"14077" "\"\\"presence,\\" shorthand for the idea that people should enjoy an \\"always on\\" virtual omnipresence. We live in an always on world don't we.\""
"14078" "\"Chips,Soda,cookies\""
"14079" "\"we should all be thankful. That's the beauty of USA. Let us help one another, rich, poor, black, white, yellow, Democrat, (con't)\""
"14080" "\"Someone should come procrastinate with me on campus. Im bored\""
"14081" "\"perfect tour including the boys.. leggo!\""
"14082" "\"Thanks! I will! <3\""
"14083" "\"we're not \\"acting\\" this isn't drama class.\""
"14084" "\"#MentionYourCrush how about no\""
"14085" "\"I got it ;P\""
"14086" "\"Reason I Don’t Have Any Tattoo’s Is So I Don’t Have Any Identifying Marks Except For The Freckles On My Left Arm That Spell Out “Steve”….\""
"14087" "\"ActorStuff: Always be ready. Always be prepared. Keep your instrument tuned and polished.\""
"14088" "\"when my mom tells a bitch off >>>>\""
"14089" "\"I'm in a bit of a pickle- whats you number missy? I need your help! :)\""
"14090" "\"I am very frustrated with social media hacking. The security systems for these sites is going to have to get harder to get into...\""
"14091" "\"Oh hey, there's your sex warning!\""
"14092" "\"- haha! Wrong Deep Blue Sea movie. But awesome shark attack! :)\""
"14093" "\"are those lyrics from kissing me through the phone lol\""
"14094" "\"I hope you realize that I miss you, and I always wear the bracelet you gave me since mine broke. I love you.\""
"14095" "\"RT : \\"looks aren't everything\\" says the tan fucker with a 20 pac and brute chest. Theres a special place in hell for you.\""
"14096" "\"Haha!!!!! That was a good one buddy.\""
"14097" "\"It will no worries...and yeah that would be nice!\""
"14098" "\"They decided to throw a full ass jug of water at me. Lmbo thanks guys.\""
"14099" "\"True, Dirks has been on fire\""
"14100" "\"my phoness dead right now ahahah add me though pin:32a1a523\""
"14101" "\"I sho just #murdered 1!!RT : How do #McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ???? That shit dumb good\""
"14102" "\"Don't take this as an insult, but I originally read \\"John Taylor Time\\" as \\"Jonathan Taylor Thomas\\" and was worried for you.\""
"14103" "\"bring me back one!\""
"14104" "\"Yes Sir\""
"14105" "\"ALERT: verdict? RT : USC Student competing on XFactor. She'd better not suck.\""
"14106" "\"Winwood is where it's at tonight\""
"14107" "\"What was the first art event you attended in LA County?\""
"14108" "\"Brad from our team is at #NETA12 today! What session are you most looking forward to?\""
"14109" "\"RT : Mobile has more potential to be useful for local commerce than even the web.\""
"14110" "\"hey cell me later so we can do something later on if you are not too busy. sharkey's maybe? we'll talk\""
"14111" "\"The more I see that gorilla, the more I hafta see\""
"14112" "\"It takes alot of courage to love someone after someone else breaks ur heart, so if a woman loves u appreciate 'em !!\""
"14113" "\"Store your documents with the professionals...WCA !\""
"14114" "\"About to take a shower, lay down, then Z\""
"14115" "\"New office debate... to go to #Coachella or not to go?!\""
"14116" "\"Mom and dad said NO to a halfsleeve, i say YOLO 😜\""
"14117" "\"Cohen moving through his concluding argument with myriad of oil(y) refs in Hitchcock: The Manxman, Psycho, To Catch a Thief, The Birds\""
"14118" "\"We make it a whole lot easier than having to paint!\""
"14119" "\"how did your OU-OSU prediction work out? Keep running your mouth on Twitter.\""
"14120" "\"The Bills. Really Vince Young? Haha\""
"14121" "\"aw I love that baby\""
"14122" "\"Without checking, I'm sure there are other players that have put up a higher % of their team's WAR than Halladay.\""
"14123" "\"My pussy is addictive because .I'm a #Aquarius I stay wet\""
"14124" "\"Happy Turkey Day!!! I'm thankful 4 everything and everyone thats in my life.\""
"14125" "\"I was just sharing truth.\""
"14126" "\"YES! Layers! I'm thinking chocolate w/ raspberry filling.\""
"14127" "\"the holidays are hard when you're alone.\""
"14128" "\"Crowd is going wild for Lilly Goodman\""
"14129" "\"I'm pretending that I don't have 3.5 shittons of work to do in the next 4 hours & reading your tweets.\""
"14130" "\"alright it's a deal :p\""
"14131" "\"I hope its not what i think it is...\""
"14132" "\"lol everyone needs to relax\""
"14133" "\"Least productive 1st overall draft pick. RT Q: What sports record would you most want to break?\""
"14134" "\"- Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets!\""
"14135" "\"Your home is part of your history - the memories will travel w/ you. Just imagine what memories your next home will bring!\""
"14136" "\"Fantastic, we would love to post some of your work on our blog if you would like. keep in touch\""
"14137" "\"what's your favorite song?\""
"14138" "\"Show for Benefit Of Equines\""
"14139" "\"We miss you!\""
"14140" "\"Thanks for the #FF love\""
"14141" "\"Pretty successful night of web development - made good use of Padrino, Rabl, and S3\""
"14142" "\"just followed u\""
"14143" "\"Hah. I didn't know I had that much to say...that's probably saying something. :)\""
"14144" "\"Breaking News: Oprah finally got off of french fries\""
"14145" "\"Best line from review of THE LUCKY ONE: when bulb blew, the theater \\"filled with the squishy sounds of tearful, annoyed women.\\"\""
"14146" "\"feeling sleepy.. good night friends..\""
"14147" "\"New in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of War, 2012 from\""
"14148" "\"is doing an AwESOME seminar. GO GO GO. Did I mention that you should GO!!!!!!!!!!\""
"14149" "\"The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift.\""
"14150" "\"Sounds extremely painful..lololo....\""
"14151" "\"Lazy #AF today!\""
"14152" "\"me too girl\""
"14153" "\"Does anyone have to \\"plug in the car\\" overnight anymore when it gets frigid? I remember my Canadian relatives plugging in the engine block.\""
"14154" "\"goodnight everyone , ugh i hate time differences\""
"14155" "\"roger that.\""
"14156" "\"Don't know if I'm going over there\""
"14157" "\"I love drinking budweiser\""
"14158" "\"you are rude.\""
"14159" "\"you will do it and you will love it....every minute of it!\""
"14160" "\"Come on #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar\""
"14161" "\"That's a BANG.\""
"14162" "\"Bad coffee spill right down the front of my shirt...but its ok folks.....no meetings and a half day to boot\""
"14163" "\"At the Great Plains Public Health Leadership Institute: awesome leaders, presentations, and public health work.\""
"14164" "\"Professionally Speaking as a Licensed Therapist, sobriety takes time to achieve, as the patient is always vulnerable to abuse triggers.\""
"14165" "\"And to make this day even MORE perfect: Old School, followed by The Hangover on TNT!!!\""
"14166" "\"Follow mee !! C:\""
"14167" "\"Sweet pic! We'd love to hear more about your group!\""
"14168" "\"thank you!\""
"14169" "\"Decisions decisions, what to do..... need some advice\""
"14170" "\"\\"The Bar Singer\\" trailer for the debut novel by Pete Berwick: via\""
"14171" "\"chocolate cheerios\""
"14172" "\"OKC is NOT playing games about these blocks... geez!\""
"14173" "\"Just sat down at the CODiEs gala—ready to applaud all the excellent nominees!\""
"14174" "\"Phil Steele Day = Christmas in the summer. RT: Only one more month of this out of date 2011 Phil Steele magazine taunting me.\""
"14175" "\"we stand corrected :) thanks for spotting that!\""
"14176" "\"thanks. Taking train down and going to zoo for meet-n-greet with a tiger. Thinking of staying near Redding Term Market\""
"14177" "\"big bone? Haha\""
"14178" "\"Oklahoma City/Lakers series should be a dandy. Btwn Artest elbow and comments last night about \\"not shaking hands with subs.\\"\""
"14179" "\"hey! Met you last night ! Would love to DM you some more info about the benefit (:\""
"14180" "\"Happy Valentines Day! RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?\""
"14181" "\"Open Mic night is lookin solid\""
"14182" "\"If I follow one more person on twitter it is going to start a conga line\""
"14183" "\"thank you for you prayers. He had been in and out of the hospital for the last 3 years with lung problems.\""
"14184" "\"I wanna come next thurs too. Let's get a school bus for old times lol\""
"14185" "\"so don't wait. Be missional today.\""
"14186" "\"Alan Kay on Ed testing: counting millions of rotten beans. #NITLE Montessori is the best.\""
"14187" "\"\\"He sweats just like I do! He bleeds just like I do! He trained just like I did! BUT HE SURE DONT HAVE THE HEART I DO!\\" LETS GO TO WORK!\""
"14188" "\"Anybody have some Asian dance or musical skills and want to perform at the C'ville Festival of Cultures on May 8th? Email\""
"14189" "\"False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the *sunshine,* but leaving us when we cross into the *shade.* ....\""
"14190" "\"all is well. In San Fran right now.\""
"14191" "\"Just got back from a fantastic install in Atlanta!\""
"14192" "\"I want you to do it even more now that Quin doesn't want you to do it lol stand up to his girlfriend beating ass\""
"14193" "\"I'm an embarrasing boyfriend.\""
"14194" "\"glad you used the exercise for #NaNoWriMo! Thanks & Loving the map\""
"14195" "\"#IWouldNeverEver give up on and because they mean the world to me.\""
"14196" "\"Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small.\""
"14197" "\"is that pie on the plate? ;-)\""
"14198" "\"It's a new week and that means new Early Week Specials! Skyy 80 vodka 1.75L, the big bottle) only $20.99. Price is good thru Wedsnesday.\""
"14199" "\"iTunes podcast.\""
"14200" "\"Did I tell you I kissed in the rain ^__^\""
"14201" "\"Hey! Haha what's up?\""
"14202" "\"#fishfry, fish tacos and rushing waters trout on special tonight!\""
"14203" "\"Major league 2\""
"14204" "\"Going to ABQ in 24 hours!\""
"14205" "\"yeah she did... I can forward it if you like?\""
"14206" "\"Confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from Humane Society\""
"14207" "\"Taken with a Canon DSLR\""
"14208" "\"User:Akmkbstc - Wiki\""
"14209" "\"Here's a reason to add Squash to your activities. It burns 14 calories per minute.\""
"14210" "\"Nothing like a king size doobie\""
"14211" "\"Don't believe the mainstream media.\""
"14212" "\"LOL RT that would hit Me\""
"14213" "\"Thanks for the RT!\""
"14214" "\"feel better\""
"14215" "\"did u follow the people who asked u last night on tinychat???\""
"14216" "\"The WSLCB must know Fifthmas is upon us; lots strange infused vodkas and tequilas, bizarre-looking liqueurs, and special holiday mixer packs\""
"14217" "\"We all agree its time for drinks\""
"14218" "\"DM me ur e-mail address and I'll send u the invite letter for the Executive Speaker Series event in May.\""
"14219" "\"Oh, I guess is just smarter than this council or has stash of cash for potholes\""
"14220" "\"definitely! Getting intro'd but it'll be fun to do coffee breaks even down here\""
"14221" "\"I started out at a tiny radio station in a small town. Perfect job for a bum like me. I could wear flip-flops to work!\""
"14222" "\"Really wishing I could text Bjork \\"break a leg, babe.\\"\""
"14223" "\"r u from Chicago area, we have a foxhill here?\""
"14224" "\"yeah man! you get the book?\""
"14225" "\"I want that, I don't have to yell it from the rooftop bc the glow on my face says it all, type love... lol\""
"14226" "\": charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!\""
"14227" "\"What's this all about. It's like the 5th one that's come across\""
"14228" "\"I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying.\""
"14229" "\"Who's that lady standing there in the red dress?!? She should get off her cell phone.\""
"14230" "\"don't talk to me about coupons.... two for one deals....!\""
"14231" "\"Listening now to #Tosca #opera singers at a dinner party after Lady gaga and Katy perry #onlyinnewyork kids!\""
"14232" "\"It's Saturday and St. Patrick's Day, which means double the douchebaggery. I don't think I could handle it!\""
"14233" "\"if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow\""
"14234" "\"Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!\""
"14235" "\"The force is not with today :-/ lol!\""
"14236" "\"Need Help! Working on a book list for a Tech/IP/Law/info policy reading group. What would you recommend?\""
"14237" "\"; for the worst day ever, today's been pretty good. <3\""
"14238" "\"Practice photos are up\""
"14239" "\"that's funny\""
"14240" "\"Statistics be damned when you're playing a team full of head cases like the Cowboys.\""
"14241" "\"O.o\""
"14242" "\"Walking down the streets of Hampden, and a smell of burgers wafts down.You follow it, and you see the Baltimore Burger Bar!\""
"14243" "\"Rainy Saturdays\""
"14244" "\"I was really about t fall asleep right now and then I realized that it's barely about to be 10\""
"14245" "\"Electricity...God's curse on ugly peoplr\""
"14246" "\"As a player,understand that ur defensive ability has a direct correlation with how many minutes you play,& how valuable you are to ur team.\""
"14247" "\"In Neil Perlin's session on Single Sourcing to the Max: HAT Mobile to....?\""
"14248" "\"Greenfield FD on scene reporting nothing showing. This was report of lightning strike to chimney\""
"14249" "\"So to celebrate the 2nd \\"People's Property\\" author's Birthday; Go find the links to the kindle & order! Nov 2012 Part II slated to arrive!\""
"14250" "\"#abortion #contraception argument is really about men wanting control of their #semen even after it's left the building and by God given up\""
"14251" "\"I mean, Common's an old school bitch whereas Drake is a nu school bitch. And the middle finger goes to...\""
"14252" "\"lol I remember you saying that you weren't uploading them.\""
"14253" "\"I used to have a fleece onesie, but my stalker stole it :/\""
"14254" "\"Does sarcasm work in Twitter- Sure, let the auto companies fail. Jobs are always available in fast food. Who needs engineers?\""
"14255" "\"I'm raising hell tonight\""
"14256" "\"Majority of actors have PASSION for the acting, but they need DIRECTION to get to use that passion in the industry.\""
"14257" "\"Now that's just an offence to the color yellow!\""
"14258" "\"Looking forward to seeing the POWER GUYS in the AM @ Nat's. Don't be late KK!\""
"14259" "\"What a fun night. Lots o' talent. Thanks!\""
"14260" "\"Sounds lovely. I mean, the putting on PJs and sewing part. Not so much with the going to a crowded grocery store.\""
"14261" "\"Cool panel abt Social Media w/ panelists fr 9News, Ft Collins Coloradoan, Denver Post & CU Independent.\""
"14262" "\"Thank you so much Kerim :)\""
"14263" "\"You are da one so i make sure i behave.\""
"14264" "\"Lost's final season begins tonight. I am SO excited!\""
"14265" "\"If Its Worth The Wait, Then Its Love.\""
"14266" "\"Story's not the only element of a game, though it's the metric I would demand progress in the most.\""
"14267" "\"secrets of a restaurant chef is on food network right now\""
"14268" "\"New EP is available for digital download on www.adamevolving.com on the merch page!!! Spread the word!!!!!!\""
"14269" "\"OH: at the ballpark. \\"later on she's gonna be wearing nothing but that giant foam finger. \\"\""
"14270" "\"I'm eating grilled cheese to! Just not with ranch... hahaa\""
"14271" "\"Count me in!\""
"14272" "\"Not that it took my this long to realize oomf meant 'one of my followers'. I thought it was just, a signal word...\""
"14273" "\"heyy lovely:) how was the fair?:D x\""
"14274" "\"So true. Dry calm weekend, unfortunately. Maybe hope for a good freak summer thunderstorm tho :)\""
"14275" "\"I feel like it's been a couple of weeks since I tweeted. Just haven't had too much time.\""
"14276" "\"got your email. We are excited to work with you and help you build your brand! Check your inbox.\""
"14277" "\"“: Started giving Pledge Drive numbers in my sleep!! #HoustonWeHaveAProblem” || Hang in there, Ashton!!! Y'all are doing great!!\""
"14278" "\"old man driving a car with \\"i love kids\\" bumper sticker....those damn kids.\""
"14279" "\"Think im going to get me some sonic...\""
"14280" "\"The Skittles definitely won. Not a single one left.\""
"14281" "\"Meh. Tomorrow's Monday.\""
"14282" "\"Please don't be in love with someone else, please don't have somebody waiting on you..\""
"14283" "\"I have no idea what you are talking about. :)\""
"14284" "\"We cannot communicate without being responsible for the self, the other, the world we thereby bring into being.\""
"14285" "\"Thank you Kristina!!! :)\""
"14286" "\"yesterday was super amazing! i'm in for tony!\""
"14287" "\"LOL - now I feel super guilty!!!! But and I are looking at houses tonight!\""
"14288" "\"To do list: (1) Buy a sword. (2) Name it \\"Kindness.\\" (3) Kill people with \\"Kindness.\\"\""
"14289" "\"#w2e employees must be empowered to deal with empowered customers. IT needs to become BT \\"business technology\\"\""
"14290" "\"Hi Kim, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.\""
"14291" "\"I need to go to bed lol. That one hurt, gotta sleep it off\""
"14292" "\"Need to blog about teaching non-techie pre-service teachers to use technology.\""
"14293" "\"Talking behind my back is like I always say- talk to my ass\""
"14294" "\"Happy Cinco de Mayo & Kentucky Derby day! #mybirthdayisin10days :)\""
"14295" "\"can't stand you... ugh\""
"14296" "\"doing well. Moving back to Utah in May.. looks like I'll be seeing you around again?\""
"14297" "\"well we all wondered which place you were at. You ok??\""
"14298" "\"I'm deff not confident in that one.\""
"14299" "\"I am patiently waiting for my advanced copy of new book, The Battle of the Crater. Watch for my upcoming review!\""
"14300" "\"NSF data plan requirements are just phase one of making open data a requirement:\""
"14301" "\"I have a stupid canker soar on my tounge and it hurts reay bad :/\""
"14302" "\"no worries! Just thought I'd ask :)\""
"14303" "\"Stop public funds for #MPRnews The left wing extreme like that? I want my tax dollars tokeep our people's stadium\""
"14304" "\"Thanks for the #FF shout out! Sorry that I missed it during my Twitter hiatus, but it was a nice surprise this morning.\""
"14305" "\"Wow I would have thought my home state of NC (now an Obama state) would have came through to vote against Amendment 1. I was wrong.\""
"14306" "\"Its def easier to hate then love boy\""
"14307" "\"I go in Chicago to Core Power Yoga:)\""
"14308" "\"Oh please don't! I love that pic. That smile makes me smile when I look at it. Love the colors too, and I work with tons of pics.\""
"14309" "\"Western! 1970 & your Pops was there! The Stridels went to Eastern. Think we paid them $200 Yep, small world. Peace...\""
"14310" "\"Pedro. Did you see my message?\""
"14311" "\"Happy to help!\""
"14312" "\"You and me both! 3.5 days more of school...another week of paperwork, then SUMMERTIME!\""
"14313" "\"damn bro, who passed?\""
"14314" "\"why so much hatred towards you from all these tweeps?\""
"14315" "\"I LOVE what you've done for NYC through NYRP giving communities back their gardens and parks.\""
"14316" "\"Im still mad tho..\""
"14317" "\"RT : Party so hard standards board wanna fine me, but first they gotta find me.\""
"14318" "\"Tabling Cherry Hill Branch until 3:30! Come visit and grab some candy when you volunteer! :)\""
"14319" "\"Touchdown Austin\""
"14320" "\"We need to start the drinking game. Drink every time there is a celebrity you've never heard of. There's one.\""
"14321" "\"James Butterworth discusses migration, technology, and the rise of the Peruvian pop diva.\""
"14322" "\"Is beautiful!!\""
"14323" "\"\\": RT if you want to #BringSoftballBlack #standtogether #SoftballFamily\\" bring back olympic softball!!!\""
"14324" "\"ohhwell then good job!!!!\""
"14325" "\"The main guy in the new Footloose is so cute....\""
"14326" "\"it's late, but kyrie irving\""
"14327" "\"Happy New Year to everyone! Be happy and thankful for what you have achieved & go for more :)\""
"14328" "\"I wanna be on the 8th grade Washington & New York trip.\""
"14329" "\"You know how some people are impulsive spenders? I'm an impulsive job applicant. Cheap, but just as disappointing.\""
"14330" "\"Said I'd never do Twitter, yet here I am.\""
"14331" "\"did only you get this tweet?\""
"14332" "\"Damn. Our washer machine sounds like a racing car.\""
"14333" "\"Don't forget, #CelebrateAU starts in 30 min on the quad. Hundreds of free, limited edition #wonk T-shirts available.\""
"14334" "\"heyy can u send me a downloadable link for that beat u sent mee??\""
"14335" "\"Help Reach 10k [:\""
"14336" "\"no phone. I got you tomorrow\""
"14337" "\"congrats on your 200 followers!!! *clap clap*\""
"14338" "\"I'm going to try it...I'm still mad that they took away the employee one..Did anyone ever figure out why?\""
"14339" "\"he said shawty got potential he'll be my sponsor\""
"14340" "\"Alot to do today and i just dont want to get out f bed...\""
"14341" "\"has a house designed for a giant, everything I do requires a step stool.\""
"14342" "\"It may look like chaos, but that's just the theory\""
"14343" "\"For now its back to my Ibanez BTB6...great problem solver,tone for DAYS! it does it ALL with ease!\""
"14344" "\"Hope everyone had a great weekend. I worked a bunch ... got a cool site getting ready to go live.\""
"14345" "\"K12Live is like a bridge connecting talented educational people with each other. Check out our List and build your PLN TODAY!!!\""
"14346" "\"Post and Kells at 1900 Post Alley\""
"14347" "\"Ooh how retro. Have a great weekend!\""
"14348" "\"every day is mother's day. (okay, so I think he's bought that. Phew)\""
"14349" "\"this pretty much sums it up: I put my porn snuggie on when it's time to get down (with myself).\""
"14350" "\"\\"he is meeting the prime minister of england at the white house today...via twitter...go figure!\\"\""
"14351" "\"Just finished filming Aguabat!\""
"14352" "\"Still used to being an asst. RT : There are actually a few rolling solo. Paul Lusk of Missouri St is one handling his own driving\""
"14353" "\"New end of the world date set to October 21 after the May 21 date failed.\""
"14354" "\"no way esá\""
"14355" "\"Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from getting to you. Unless its an actual mountain, then fuck that.\""
"14356" "\"I never let a wookie come between us 😉. Seriously though...the films are worth watching for the John Williams score alone\""
"14357" "\"Oh, I'm excited for your new website!\""
"14358" "\"is it acceptable to drink wine in the middle of the day on a Wednesday?!\""
"14359" "\"nope. I don't. Don't believe in them. ;-)\""
"14360" "\"Hey- just woke up. Didn't hear the phone ring\""
"14361" "\"come back to the question! damn Barack, you blew it! you didn't come back to the question!\""
"14362" "\"Everything is bigger in Texas. How about a huge comeback?\""
"14363" "\"I remember when concert tickets were $25. $327 for two seats to see Van Halen? What is going on these days? That is NUTS!\""
"14364" "\"I am thoroughly enjoying christmas music this year...\""
"14365" "\"You spend my head around when u go down. Right down town.\""
"14366" "\"follow bak? b4 u move??\""
"14367" "\"Great night tonight with and :) can't wait til Tuesday:)\""
"14368" "\"Happy cinco de mayo everyday have a awesome day!\""
"14369" "\"Yea u don't wana make ya man mad.. Lol smh\""
"14370" "\"i saw your youtube interview about RIMM... do you think they will rebound??? i am a big fan of blackberry, and waiting for BB10\""
"14371" "\"my mom watches it haha\""
"14372" "\"My girlfriend gets clearance to the air force base but not me? That's fucking gay. This is why I hate the military.\""
"14373" "\"Now if my friends and girlfriend were on my baseball team. That a different story\""
"14374" "\"Had a fabulous weekend with friends new and old and am headed into exciting classes this semester!\""
"14375" "\"is that where they throw the ball at you\""
"14376" "\"OMG I just opened this and I am obsessed! It is going to be my new facebook pic, thanks!!!\""
"14377" "\"Listening to Mayor Nutter speak to all staff at the Library. Going better than it might have\""
"14378" "\"Those are great, , and what I was looking for, too\""
"14379" "\"Yaaaaay! Leaving your comfort zone is hard but rewarding! Do it kim!\""
"14380" "\"haha!! I'm very excited to say the least.\""
"14381" "\"lets be honest is there really a race anymore\""
"14382" "\"Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!\""
"14383" "\"#FREESHIPPING on all living rooms, bedrooms, dining rooms, ALL collections!\""
"14384" "\"Making something for our new apartment. :)\""
"14385" "\"Is it just me, or did redesign?\""
"14386" "\"Love my job but I love days off too. What to do this afternoon? THOR!\""
"14387" "\"Swerve on em\""
"14388" "\"I don't care if it was politically unwise—thank goodness for people like Joe Biden, speaking up for gay marriage. Now where's the prez?\""
"14389" "\"“You don't find time to write. You make time. It's my job.” - Nora Roberts\""
"14390" "\"Yes. The builder. Any tools in mind that might work (with a little help in outreach + design) 4 a more general crowd?\""
"14391" "\"Thank You! RT : - best cheese and wine bar EVER. Need to go back to Miami, just to visit Kork!!\""
"14392" "\"Thank you to our newest followers , happy Friday!\""
"14393" "\"idk what I'm more excited for, my 21st next week or school being out for the summer\""
"14394" "\"“: Please start Tebowing so Broncos can get manning\\" that's a new low...\""
"14395" "\"On my way home, cause early release!!!\""
"14396" "\"STREAMING PORNOGRAPHY\""
"14397" "\"watching two lesbians feed eachother cotton candy on the train is a lot worse than it sounds ..i do not wish this on anyones eyes\""
"14398" "\"McAlister's with Leah. 😊👍\""
"14399" "\"No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career.\""
"14400" "\"Phone vibrates at home: Barely hear it. Phone vibrates at school: EARTHQUAKE.\""
"14401" "\"Great show this morning performing for school groups visiting us at TSAC! Another one TOMORROW at 11am!\""
"14402" "\"It'll be fun, they said... We won't get caught they said...\""
"14403" "\"#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 8\""
"14404" "\"#android users, \\"emulator roms\\" on the market is pretty good game emulator. Just got done playing the original mario.\""
"14405" "\"I'm sure no matter which country wins, he will visit the other countries in years to come, but I'm still worried ...\""
"14406" "\"Oooohh, what a great site! Thx for sharing! I just joined. :)\""
"14407" "\"Thanks guys for sharing Jeff's blog! Glad you liked it and hopefully it will help your followers :-) Have a great week!\""
"14408" "\"i love the wallpaper behind head when he is at his desk. tried to google but couldnt find any info on it\""
"14409" "\"welp Im in the Studio now, let's see what comes out of it lol\""
"14410" "\"Who saw us at Firefest saturday?? :) that show was just plain awesome!\""
"14411" "\"look a zombie\""
"14412" "\"I love singing. ♥ Music is saving me.\""
"14413" "\"Amen to that! : I used to work 8hrs/day bldg some1 elses biz. I can work to build mine\""
"14414" "\"Saw a wrestler from an very old match from the 90s wearing a NEVERMORE shirt!! Good taste in music I must say!\""
"14415" "\"i'll be trying to catch up on things tomorrow & Sunday, if I ever get Internet back\""
"14416" "\"Cool. I like the idea that you'll be doing a drawing there to sell.\""
"14417" "\"Thank you , , , and for the #FF love.\""
"14418" "\"not even Shelby Lynne music is helping to blow these dark and stormy clouds away\""
"14419" "\"Hypothetically of course, are there somethings better left unsaid? or would you wanna know instead? 🎧🎶🎵\""
"14420" "\"Not alot u?\""
"14421" "\"\\"You don�t know life until you know why you�re living it. You must find your own purpose in it\\"\""
"14422" "\"my sweet Katie, I wuv wuv WUV you to!! :)\""
"14423" "\"Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday! All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented 💙 thanks for everything I love You💙\""
"14424" "\"I interviewed Junior Seau for back in Dec. I never printed any of the words he shared. Just listened to the audio.\""
"14425" "\"Thanks for the head's up! We're taking care of the issue now.\""
"14426" "\"RT : RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective! ---> Ouch!\""
"14427" "\"Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible. - Francis Bacon\""
"14428" "\"#WaterCheck - I'm 6 cups down! Where you at?\""
"14429" "\"This made us smile. RT : 6 year old asks: \\"How can music change the world?\\" And he really wants to know...\""
"14430" "\"\\"The Notebook\\" is trending my fav romantic movie and my future husband in it lol\""
"14431" "\"Gin isn't a vegetable, silly, it's a fruit!\""
"14432" "\"What's earliest pick you see Colts using on a QB? If Mallet or Locker somehow falls to us in 2nd round, do you pull trigger?\""
"14433" "\"Welcoming today´s #Masterspov #Cinematography Conference attendees all the way from Finland & Mexico!!\""
"14434" "\"😁lol it's only right\""
"14435" "\"u reminded me i have flood pants that would prob work since i am short they are almost full lenght pants but can hike em\""
"14436" "\"Welcome to A Beginners Guide to Keyword Research! Ask your questions here.\""
"14437" "\"Thanks for the mention\""
"14438" "\"my phones of\""
"14439" "\"Are you aspiring to be twitter #famous?\""
"14440" "\"Who's going to be #livetweeting tongiht's event \\"Launch Your Product In 90 Days With #SocialMedia\\"?!\""
"14441" "\"So I guess wearin whatever you want to wear instead of wearin some shxt erryone is wearin is considered \\"bummy\\" in Newport News..smh\""
"14442" "\"Any Terry/Arlene/baby scene is fine with me!\""
"14443" "\"#OREGON Here I come. Hopefully you dont send me back!\""
"14444" "\"Kinda bored.. What needs to get done\""
"14445" "\"Up looking for a good coffee joint. Don't make me go to Starbucks long beach, don't do that to me\""
"14446" "\"Jr Seau was shot and killed =(\""
"14447" "\"Told myself Never again will i play this stupid guitar! But here i am playing & falling in luv with it Guess beiber was right\""
"14448" "\"keep in mind, she has me on the trading block....\""
"14449" "\"Swanson's Anna Balazs & her research on oscillating gels gaining a lot of attention across the engineering world!!\""
"14450" "\"If there is light in the soul, There will be beauty in the person. If there is beauty in the person, There will be harmony in th\""
"14451" "\"Excited to see my new area and how it bussels with peeps and business enjoying husbands time together as a real married couple...peaceful\""
"14452" "\"Sometimes we have to realize that we're making life harder than it really is by not letting go of things that no longer matter... #LetItGo!\""
"14453" "\"I suspect the turkey sausage did not make it through the holidays.\""
"14454" "\"Lol she said im a twitterho\""
"14455" "\"“: BREAKING: Three-time World Series champion manager Tony La Russa announces his retirement.” what\""
"14456" "\"Am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark! Please RT if you explicitly want me to fail!\""
"14457" "\"writing....i'm already on page 14. :)\""
"14458" "\"noone! I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it! ;)\""
"14459" "\"FAMILIAR BURGER with BEER KETTLE CHIPS $8.99!! Indiana bottles $3.75!\""
"14460" "\"RT : RT : ❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Busy Tweeting :D\""
"14461" "\"Used American Muscle Cars - Classic Muscle Cars by Dave-d\""
"14462" "\"Starting the journey home, everyone strong & healthy, great week! Much fruit!\""
"14463" "\"it says MAHOMIES!!:)\""
"14464" "\"go to el compadre on sunset I'm headed there now!\""
"14465" "\"In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined\""
"14466" "\"#eventhoughtheyaredecent I'm not watching the KU-KState game because I can't stand either of them.\""
"14467" "\"Thanks for the follow #CHITOWN!!!\""
"14468" "\"\\": Lil' Wayne went from being a shirtless thug with baggy jeans, to wearing jeggings and doing air splits lol.\\" He's Gay lmao\""
"14469" "\"Okay, I'm done!\""
"14470" "\"Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!\""
"14471" "\"#nw Behind the Music - Brandy :)\""
"14472" "\"Happy Spring Break to our UCF Knight-Thon & Miracle participants! Have a fun and safe break. Thank you for your support!!\""
"14473" "\"omgeee ! everybody follow even if your not an arab so lol follow them <3333 (;;\""
"14474" "\"Nice rainy day outside.\""
"14475" "\"SO PLEASED!\""
"14476" "\"Giant thanks to everyone who came out and stuck around to see us play!! We had tons of fun tonight and can't wait to do it again! <3\""
"14477" "\"Great chatting with you today! RT On the phone with the CTO and found of MuleSoft - 3 million deployment\""
"14478" "\"#Chicago is covered in fog today, and it looks super creepy\""
"14479" "\"Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com.\""
"14480" "\"Thanks technology for allowing this English teacher to get her #ww18 fix from home. But oh, the magic of the auditorium! Nothing compares.\""
"14481" "\"The Weekend ATC puzzle solution is totally \\"Madison\\"/\\"Medicine.\\" I can't play, so g'head. Submit it. You can keep the prize, too!\""
"14482" "\"#cwgchina China education tour, Yangling, Northwestern Agricultural Uni, significant center plant genomics research, 2 hours west of X'ian\""
"14483" "\"Procrastinated procrastination so now I literally have this one day to study for my first anatomy test of the summer.\""
"14484" "\"Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones--1-11-11.\""
"14485" "\"svu all day!\""
"14486" "\"Welcome to Dribble! I like your work.\""
"14487" "\"everybody get up, it's time to jam now\""
"14488" "\"When I listen to John Mayer I think of :D\""
"14489" "\"Just because #Philanthrofest is over, we don't want to lose momentum of changing lives and making a world a better place!\""
"14490" "\"he single handedly beat the Knicks in a playoff game THIS yr, on both ends.\""
"14491" "\"heyy im not a brat\""
"14492" "\"yes! It blew my mind. I gotta say when Fred (or George) for killed I about lost it\""
"14493" "\"Most women with Mrs. Tebow's condition don't get a Heisman trophy winner. Most women die.\""
"14494" "\"When was the money for Coolidge and Roosevelt SUPPOSED to be in Ward 4??\""
"14495" "\"Poll: 22% of American, but only 6% of French respondents fear world coming to end within their lifetime. Quite telling.\""
"14496" "\"#ASimpleWhiteName O.J.\""
"14497" "\"Thanks for the follow!\""
"14498" "\"Bachmann thinks following the Constitution means we don't increase debt? Funny she didn't cite exactly where it says that.\""
"14499" "\"And to you Thanks!\""
"14500" "\"Pens v criers at 730 ! $2 miller lite bottles from drop of pick till midnight.\""
"14501" "\"Ah I didnt see you today!):\""
"14502" "\"Thanks and all because I read your blog last year about Doubleback\""
"14503" "\"“ “ Thinking about somebody but not wanting to text them 1st””\""
"14504" "\"Good morning! Did anyone see Obama at FAU yesterday? Thoughts and comments are welcome if you did?\""
"14505" "\"I think I hope Palin runs\""
"14506" "\"\\": #Fahrenheit food truck tomorrow East. 9th #local #chef #loves #CLE ..found out where the food truck will be!\""
"14507" "\"well we now share the same last name and initials lol :)\""
"14508" "\"Liquor is so much more dangerous than doobie\""
"14509" "\"Looking forward to the Live Broadcast and the show Saturday Night\""
"14510" "\"INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - AP source: Indianapolis Colts select Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano as new coach.\""
"14511" "\"follow me plz it will mean the world to me\""
"14512" "\"sure I guess. Cause for every ten followers I'm donating five dollars to Susan g. Koman\""
"14513" "\"i want to start a #sports #business. anyone have ideas?\""
"14514" "\"It ain't LOUD if u can't hear it\""
"14515" "\"I just called and asked if you'd follow me on Twitter! You said yeah :p\""
"14516" "\"...clearly my concern.\""
"14517" "\"Nothing like quiet reflection on holiday, 2012 will be all about identifying fears and kicking them so hard they turn into strengths!\""
"14518" "\"wats gudd where u at? Call me\""
"14519" "\"We can't stop here, this is\""
"14520" "\"Good Morrow To You & No Problem Good Sir.\""
"14521" "\"UGH. annoyed.\""
"14522" "\"The fact I have to buy a new prom dress <\""
"14523" "\"In math with\""
"14524" "\"Register by emailing or sponsor a challenger to help raise funds for #PZS2011 and get a crazy #zine!\""
"14525" "\":) Yep, sorry for the capslock it was stuck. haha\""
"14526" "\"Whatever. Fuck it\""
"14527" "\"Learned from and You cannot afford to mind your business If you are to lead.\""
"14528" "\"(and in my mortal irrationality, i'm still pretty sure they're gonna win though)\""
"14529" "\"Happy Friday Eve everyone!\""
"14530" "\"Well of course they'd love to win. But winning would be an added bonus. They don't set themselves up to win, LT or short-term\""
"14531" "\"biden: \\"dude, you said 'no homo' under your breath too, right?\\" obama: \\"oh most definitely.\\" *fist bump* *giggles*\""
"14532" "\"my name is clever not clev\""
"14533" "\"Beautiful voices!\""
"14534" "\"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. - Lana Turner\""
"14535" "\"Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?\""
"14536" "\"Thanks to Everyone, were glad we can share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!\""
"14537" "\"*Glances at profile picture* awww but you're so pure >.> Why is it that u can only see the worst in me\""
"14538" "\"what you know about dat\""
"14539" "\"There have been requests for a beer booze camp. I'm gonna need to talk to the fine folks\""
"14540" "\"hey QUIT FAVORITING MY TWEETS\""
"14541" "\"Thanks! Antwan has been scoping out some of your recent listings in the San Diego area!\""
"14542" "\"Headed to formalize new partnership for exchange program w/ Jiao Tong University in Shanghai on #AsiaTrinity Tour w/\""
"14543" "\"when is Ron Burgandy 2 coming out?\""
"14544" "\"Bases loaded!! Granderson up! Let's go boys!!\""
"14545" "\"Lil these days if you ain't 23 or older stay the fuck from round me...\""
"14546" "\"definitely sledding.\""
"14547" "\"What would you do if you got 3 seconds of your life back?\""
"14548" "\"but I plan to slink from what I think\""
"14549" "\"Have any of y'all 'borrowed' your parents car before you were 16?\""
"14550" "\"Marathon recording session at studio last night! saw the sun come up and now FOOD!\""
"14551" "\"Ready for Kansas Basketball\""
"14552" "\"we will definitely be back soon! :D\""
"14553" "\"happy to be of service. :) And technically, you said \\"yep\\". ;)\""
"14554" "\"Kuuuuuuuch has this.\""
"14555" "\"just tweeting and about to head to bed.\""
"14556" "\"I am to a certain extent. I think everyone is feeling the pinch population wise. We definitely need server transfers.\""
"14557" "\"Thank you. How long have you been on here? How many followers? Could I call you later with a few questions?\""
"14558" "\"#Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours.\""
"14559" "\"TFTF trill & chill girl!\""
"14560" "\"Ur a dream. Because u felt guilty right??? RT : don't make fun of I already got him a replacement :-)\""
"14561" "\"Chessboxin': still a mystery.\""
"14562" "\"Today I ran out of gas en route to the gas station. I guess my car was even less motivated than I was to go to work!\""
"14563" "\"Did you dress up for Halloween this year? What were you?\""
"14564" "\"Seeing your friendss makeout while you're in the corner chillin. Lolol\""
"14565" "\"Let there be a purpose for everything you do .....\""
"14566" "\"Congrats to our $50 Dibbs card winner, Kate Moore, please message your email to us and we'll send over the details.\""
"14567" "\"if there hadn't been about a mile long line to get in..I wouldn't have found it either! But if you get another chance, go!\""
"14568" "\"An entire world of people trying to prove their wisdom, nobody cares.\""
"14569" "\"should I stay or should I go now\""
"14570" "\"Lesley, I love the Carrie Diaries feature!\""
"14571" "\"A short math lesson: new number minus old number divided the old number equals the percent change.\""
"14572" "\"of course(:\""
"14573" "\"So...I'm watching the latest My Strange Addiction....\""
"14574" "\"it's truee\""
"14575" "\"Pamela Barnes, acoustic mysteries. She solves crimes with sound. www.cozycatpress.com\""
"14576" "\"#replacebandnameswithlesbian is nowhere near as cool as #improvefilmtitlesbyaddinginmypants , as a matter of fact, it's incredibly DUMB!\""
"14577" "\"Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock? Because most shops close by six thirty.\""
"14578" "\"any more old video questions for me\""
"14579" "\"I'm sure it's because of the derby. Or magic.\""
"14580" "\"so how's that story XP\""
"14581" "\"Beautiful pic! Have a great time in Australia!\""
"14582" "\"... You had one job.... And you screwed it up!\""
"14583" "\"I truly hope that's hypothetical.\""
"14584" "\"Here we go #GOPACKGO!!!!! #GREENANDYELLOW BABY!!!\""
"14585" "\"What the fuck.\""
"14586" "\"happy 8 year anniversary, that is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\""
"14587" "\"i am! i havent talked to you in forever! i just wanted to say hi!\""
"14588" "\"Iowa State must defeat the Iowa High School champions of the previous year to qualify for #big12 play.\""
"14589" "\"Adding screen print designs to pre-made t-shrits does not automatically make you a \\"fashion designer.\\"\""
"14590" "\"ohh what's your new job, now I'm curious!\""
"14591" "\"Comcast Awards $173,000 In Scholarships To Pennsylvania High School Seniors\""
"14592" "\"This lady is really eating dirt like its candy (-__-)\""
"14593" "\"game with and\""
"14594" "\"Almost as good as RT : Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best\""
"14595" "\"lol - if only, it's a \\"My Little Pony\\" fanboy - which for the record IS TOTALLY FINE.\""
"14596" "\"LMAO. That do sound like some shit I would say though. Thanks\""
"14597" "\"Thank you for sharing, it would be useful if we can shave them and have just the top 10\""
"14598" "\"#FF have a #healthy weekend all!\""
"14599" "\"is your website up? I need some samples- have some possible freelance work for you\""
"14600" "\"RT : \\"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door\\" - Milton Berle\""
"14601" "\"We're a pretty sweet group of kids. says hi. ;)\""
"14602" "\"ha ha, stylish!\""
"14603" "\"– I'm back in town\""
"14604" "\"Harriet Fulbright College organizes each year various activities but its picnic is the most famous one.\""
"14605" "\"Canon AE-1. I still have it.\""
"14606" "\"lol yes they do\""
"14607" "\"alright well maybe I will one day, how hard can it be?\""
"14608" "\"Oh now you wanna say i still look good doe. Hm... Lol you didnt have to tell me that my dude, but dont try and kiss up to me now (:\""
"14609" "\"Cage the Elephant writes some pretty deep stuff. It's crazy how true their songs are.\""
"14610" "\"Dammit D.. Did you forget to listen to my pregame speech this morning?!?!?!\""
"14611" "\"u too.\""
"14612" "\"I'll be there around 3 bro\""
"14613" "\"Sounds like a plan, I will get with Gilbert to what is available at Echo maybe? I think April is pretty open right now.\""
"14614" "\"Tired... Heading home\""
"14615" "\"no argument there\""
"14616" "\"reading way too much about military bases. paranoia creeping all over\""
"14617" "\"Blasting Above The Broken.\""
"14618" "\"I'd love to see the #Packers in the flesh in London but would be pissed off for all the loyal fans in the states!\""
"14619" "\"yes yes yes! pull in awesomes for\""
"14620" "\"You're wayy too into yourself.\""
"14621" "\"\\"Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk. I beat the pussy up. She was Rodney King, I was 4 cops.\\"\""
"14622" "\"But seriously.\""
"14623" "\"Ooh, pleasant surprise. New interface. It's easy on the eyes.\""
"14624" "\"I seen you on Tanisha Got Married for the first time. You're so beautiful!\""
"14625" "\"I have almost completely lost my voice!!\""
"14626" "\"you suck!\""
"14627" "\"im a WIHB!\""
"14628" "\"Still enjoying cool weather in southern california\""
"14629" "\"I wish my allergies would calm down so I could breath and go to sleep...its almost 4:30 AM and here I am still awake.\""
"14630" "\"oh that mean camera! - not only it adds 10 pounds it also takes away 50% energy! : ) by\""
"14631" "\"lots of support for the idea of data viz as source of \\"radical empiricism\\" at\""
"14632" "\"Yes, it surely is. Love my #wiunion, wish I could be there...\""
"14633" "\"#wiunion #recallwalker is costing each tax payer about $2. Poor maintenance of #Milwaukee County, future cost to State millions!+Court cost!\""
"14634" "\"one made by satan\""
"14635" "\"I have no idea. I haven't been there either.\""
"14636" "\"Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger. Seems like just the other day\""
"14637" "\"You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me. I'm smiling and crying, apologizing.\""
"14638" "\"keep grindin. Hard work pays off\""
"14639" "\"awe:/ I found out I'm gonna do mine next week:p wish we didn't have to do them at al:'( I'm so nervous.\""
"14640" "\"oh, hi porn spammers. get on it!\""
"14641" "\"I've been avoiding the internet lately.\""
"14642" "\"Graveyard Double Feature - THE HANGOVER + JAY & SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK. Tonite at 4am. Movies & Mai Tais. Only at Frankie's. Mahalo\""
"14643" "\"I prefer rubber stamps.\""
"14644" "\"you're alright :) what app?\""
"14645" "\"I wish I could be considered as a musician for #ArtBasel ..guess first step would be to learn to play!!!\""
"14646" "\"JOHNNY IS AWESOME!!!!!!! INSPIRATION <3\""
"14647" "\"hey Tim...come worship with us today 11a.m. Your story has changed lives - thank you. (Chapelrock.org)\""
"14648" "\"13 days until\""
"14649" "\"Yoo roberto was outside b4 :o <3\""
"14650" "\"For anyone who needs a history lesson\""
"14651" "\"Did you know that San Diego Country imports 90% of its water from the Colorado River?!\""
"14652" "\"Just discovered the show Eureka on NetFlix. Work break.\""
"14653" "\"Merry Christmas to all who celebrate!!!\""
"14654" "\"World Health Day LA has joined the Twittersphere! Help us spread the word about this year's event at the LA Expo Center on April 7!\""
"14655" "\"startup will participate in #Life30 with its #dating app, Apr 18\""
"14656" "\"happy thanksgiving hamshooz!\""
"14657" "\"Man the Timeline been boring!!! Come on twitters Tweet Tweet sum good Shit!\""
"14658" "\"Morning twitter friends :)\""
"14659" "\"Carmelo will wake up from a deep sleep if he hears a bag rustling\""
"14660" "\"#wreckdiculous was the very first ever trending topic. Pre twitter era.\""
"14661" "\"Saw that! They give u 2 pieces of bread and u have 2 walk around n take other people's meat and chz to finish it.\""
"14662" "\"Entrées are served with garlic breadsticks, fingérpaint & garden-fresh paste I just registered olivegarten.com\""
"14663" "\"Some people need a high five IN THE FACE with a CHAIR!!!!:D\""
"14664" "\"Drama Drama Drama... cmon now are u really serious....on to the next one!!!!!!!!!!!\""
"14665" "\"Laundromat Flow\""
"14666" "\"This isn't as easy as it looks, okay? RT What the hell are you doin this is the\""
"14667" "\"I have a film that is number 1 on Amazon it's called I Think My Facebook Friend Is Dead check it out thanks tweet fans.\""
"14668" "\"What idiot invented kleenex with lotion in it? Did they ever accidentally clean their eyeglasses with one? #boo!\""
"14669" "\"6x6=too much!!\""
"14670" "\"I've seen him before!! He's nuts.\""
"14671" "\"My house went on the market today. I go on the market tomorrow.\""
"14672" "\"10, damn where you been?\""
"14673" "\"More headshots than Call of Duty\""
"14674" "\"when people hurt you<<<<<<\""
"14675" "\"Totally guilty of getting most of my political news from #JonStewart & #StephenColbert! EXCITED to see on J-Stew tonight! :D\""
"14676" "\"RT : I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying.\""
"14677" "\"Have a great birthday Travis! RT : RT : Happy Birthday wishes to Olympian today!\""
"14678" "\"likewise! Thank you so much for all the great podcast and library app advice! I'm working on sharing some of my own tricks!\""
"14679" "\"ill dance jus not rite now\""
"14680" "\"I thought so too!! Pretty cool!\""
"14681" "\"Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people.\""
"14682" "\"we good celtics still in it\""
"14683" "\"I'm killing it like OJ yea thas Wat the hoes say\""
"14684" "\"Work soo damn dead omg im losin my mind\""
"14685" "\"I've got 4 to finish.. it sucks\""
"14686" "\"Sen. Liz Krueger says dems changed the process when they were majority to allow minority members to sponsor legislation\""
"14687" "\"inconsistent Price once again..\""
"14688" "\"Go follow Like legit! He is awesome!\""
"14689" "\"This chicken ima about to eat.... ohh yes\""
"14690" "\"New song \\"Bury You In The Ground\\" by thanks for the video.\""
"14691" "\"you go there aloot!\""
"14692" "\"ha...sorry, never heard of it. Wonder if it's good enough to fill the void of Rescue Me\""
"14693" "\"yeah I think so...\""
"14694" "\"hahaha no but i wanted to grab one so i could take a pic and omg they like burned my hand ahha they were so cold\""
"14695" "\"Ratchet + Northside = Ratchitty ... don't worry cuz I broke it down for her\""
"14696" "\"To our NYC teachers who come to the JFR teacher training programs you are great and are an inspiration.\""
"14697" "\"falling asleep to a young Gabe. Little Manhattan 2: Have ya' met Peeta?\""
"14698" "\"Ozark Missouri - New Storm Product- Sandless sandbags- A revolution to sandbagging operations.Out of the box and to the water, ready in mins\""
"14699" "\"What do you know about me - I am tired of getting harassed when I engage.\""
"14700" "\"Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. ~Anton Chekhov\""
"14701" "\"#oomf seems very excited about his first child. That's really sweet and rare.\""
"14702" "\"Thanks to all the food dudes and dudettes that came out Friday and Saturday If you about, come on out, we've surprises fer ya!\""
"14703" "\"im on it\""
"14704" "\"Um...am I missing something? That's not what that chart says.....\""
"14705" "\"Thank you for the #FF <3\""
"14706" "\"Time for bed! Remember kids: Don't run with scissors!\""
"14707" "\"This week has been bad. I'm ready for a new week.\""
"14708" "\"I can't even laugh right now this shit is depressing =\\""
"14709" "\"Food Trucks and their customers luv the Shady Tavern Ice House\""
"14710" "\"Had a BLAST co-hosting w/ on the Total Access Radio show in NY! Details coming on when and where to catch the show! :-)\""
"14711" "\"A rash of burglaries in Central Austin...APD is urging everyone to lock their doors.\""
"14712" "\"\\"I got soul, but I'm not a soldier.\\"\""
"14713" "\"Happy/excited that it's here. But I'll be happy to see it go.\""
"14714" "\"need more followers come join me on twitter and i'll follow you back\""
"14715" "\"Shopping for and buying a suit feels so good\""
"14716" "\"check me out on facebook group \\"kingoffitteds\\"\""
"14717" "\"it was fun! I remember!\""
"14718" "\"Oh good! Poor guy!\""
"14719" "\"What's up twitter peeps\""
"14720" "\"Special session scheduled for Monday. Anyone have questions about the session?\""
"14721" "\"what have you cooked up?\""
"14722" "\"You know, silly accent aside, that is a good guy!\""
"14723" "\"Members Card Nationals ML -120 (20 units)\""
"14724" "\"If you dont think the Pacers have a shot with home court and the Heat's 3rd scoring option and only big man that's a factor, youre an idiot\""
"14725" "\"Good Friday service is tonight at 7pm. Hope to see you there!\""
"14726" "\"Let's go Arkansas!\""
"14727" "\"Howcome the \\"Real Housewives of ....\\" any city are effed up? #whyisthat?\""
"14728" "\"Border Patrol officials have been told to reduce - even stop - arresting illegals, Arizona sheriff says\""
"14729" "\":/ tests suck .... Dayyum my ceiling fan is loud .. I wonder how I sleep at night\""
"14730" "\"HAHAHAHA that was awesome\""
"14731" "\"Sounds like somebody has a case of the MeBeingMeMondays\""
"14732" "\"thank you so much. :)\""
"14733" "\"Worked on my paper today. Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point.\""
"14734" "\"Congrats! That's great news!\""
"14735" "\"where u at homie\""
"14736" "\"Thanks! Have a great weekend!\""
"14737" "\"Lately it feels like I'm living out of a suitcase.\""
"14738" "\"What you have in your heart, not your bank account, matters to God and endures for eternity...\""
"14739" "\"Untended consequences, really? What jack@$(s came up with 'No child' anyway?\""
"14740" "\"Check out To Satellites great band from South FLA ! Support your local scene and support indie clothing lines! Stay Tuned! -The TV.\""
"14741" "\"All those fairy tales are full of shit.\""
"14742" "\"going 1 MPH on 495 and can't decide what's better DC 101.1 or 105.9\""
"14743" "\"wat is tha point of cheating bitch if its his dick then dump him dont cum wit all that i love him shit cuz if u did u wont of cheated on him\""
"14744" "\"#Springbreak is approaching us soon & you know what that means! IN-STORE CONTEST! Whoever travels the farthest gets some #freegoodies!\""
"14745" "\"I have some emotional niggas on my TL lol\""
"14746" "\"All i want is to get one of those 'i love you<21' tweet from .. (; causee' I lovee himm<21 #wontgiveup #muchlove (:\""
"14747" "\"we miss you!\""
"14748" "\"I said pissed , GTF OVER IT\""
"14749" "\"Testing a new idea for museum trips of the future. Can we track where kids are located through hashtags?\""
"14750" "\"ah I'm too happy right now ❤\""
"14751" "\"Hope you feel better soon.\""
"14752" "\"Best first night of summer ever!\""
"14753" "\"I miss you :( just scared to go along with this again. You've let me down each time and kept doing the same crap. How is this time any diff?\""
"14754" "\"A week til nanowrimo still no ideas and I need a laptop\""
"14755" "\"If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities\""
"14756" "\"I think it's gonna happen tomorrow<3\""
"14757" "\"It's been a longtime since we tweeted, hard at work Buggs! We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend at the Taste of DC!\""
"14758" "\"Milwaukee, get your clapping skills together, please. Thank you.\""
"14759" "\"DYK? Famous singer Dione Warwick is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..\""
"14760" "\"Using Migratr (Windows only) in a VM to switch from Flickr to Picasa. Works well, preserves photo captions, though not set captions.\""
"14761" "\"soft spot for peter andre.\""
"14762" "\"'Justin Slays The Haters' Is he even old enough to buy anything to slay us with!?\""
"14763" "\"#swagg RT : This nigga said I don't sell weed I smoke it I sell crack o.O ughh please give boosie the death penalty\""
"14764" "\"Carry Methods IWB « Front Line Holsters - holsters for concealed carry\""
"14765" "\": I want you to miss me, like I'm missing you.\""
"14766" "\"awww :) We hope you had a great evening!\""
"14767" "\"I approve. :) Beer makes an appearance in my slide deck as well.\""
"14768" "\"Thank U! Have a GR8 Weekend! RT : Looking for some good coaching? Follow the good folks at\""
"14769" "\"yup u rite on that one MGK can rap\""
"14770" "\"#3ScreenMin nice considerations of the 10' viewing context with remote and what content/services work in that paradigm.\""
"14771" "\"okay man! No need to get hostile on me\""
"14772" "\"I don't know, but I all I know is that Jessica Mendoza is cute lol!\""
"14773" "\"The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.\""
"14774" "\"This is for the friend I will always trust and love\""
"14775" "\"Q3 I think this is a no brainer. It depends on your library. Naturally. All of our libraries are so different.\""
"14776" "\"@ AlexisNiki See you at this weekend!\""
"14777" "\"The more I watch LA and Miami ink the more I wanna get a tattoo\""
"14778" "\"Trying to keep my body as healthy as possible to keep career goals on track. Making more time for the sports club. On the ball now.\""
"14779" "\"Never a better way to start the day than with Starbucks <3\""
"14780" "\"Top of the 9th with a tied game 1-1 #Dodgers and\""
"14781" "\"I know bro! Thank goodness for iPhones.\""
"14782" "\"that's pretty serious !! Lol\""
"14783" "\"The only ppl i want around me are The ppl that will take care Of My son until hes able to take care him self if something happen to me\""
"14784" "\"Mr. D'Fwan, Party City does not sell giant see-through clocks or Pegasus wings so I got this paper pineapple instead\""
"14785" "\"I'll be far worse than last time u saw me play, remember I've been skating in a league of Craig's for the last 4 1/2 years!!\""
"14786" "\"you do, quit complaining ;)\""
"14787" "\"Get to shouting. It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game..\""
"14788" "\"all new criminal minds!!!\""
"14789" "\"I'm about to drift off into a food coma\""
"14790" "\"I think I might be sore tomorrow.. going to hard in\""
"14791" "\"Let us know what you think when you do!\""
"14792" "\"super delish. will admit that envy over your access to koshary has suddenly inspired some \\"koshary new york\\" google searches.\""
"14793" "\"aww thanks! It's all you! RT: wowzer received my artstar art in the post looks amazing instagr.am/p/NO7ro/\""
"14794" "\"#zipsters check us out tomorrow to see how to enter our BMW contest and win a free ride!!\""
"14795" "\"yeah, I tried that argument, didn't work. Lol\""
"14796" "\"it will be worth the wait, i promise\""
"14797" "\"Goodnight moon<3\""
"14798" "\"is honored to have as the presenting sponsor for the MWxSW tour! The tour launch party at 3/8/12\""
"14799" "\"Live life to the fullest and don't take yourself too seriously.\""
"14800" "\"Shorts, Media, Marketing is all part of a culture. Not part of a game. He was clutch but Kobe has twice as many game winners\""
"14801" "\"I love that 's Twitter bio includes, \\"your former teen-age crush.\\" It's like she knows us!\""
"14802" "\"On to school closures\""
"14803" "\"Love when rizz calls me still drunk from last night. Today's gonna be home\""
"14804" "\"I'm here. When's the next game?\""
"14805" "\"what it does cuz??\""
"14806" "\"and you're fat and 12.\""
"14807" "\"Going to see tonight at #minglewoodhall. So stoked to see them live finally!!!\""
"14808" "\"any one using the DynaVox Maestro with 6 cells?\""
"14809" "\"THANK YOU shoutout to for helping us make a special someone's birthday extra great with those fun balloons!!!\""
"14810" "\"Grant has 9 carries for 85 yards\""
"14811" "\"It's amazing. I read so much more now.\""
"14812" "\"he said that at his birthday party :) lol\""
"14813" "\"Taking a nap before work!\""
"14814" "\"Great news Missy!\""
"14815" "\"Is it weird I want multiple twitter accounts to separate the good, the bad, and the belligerent sides of me???\""
"14816" "\"DON'T BE MEAN, WYATT.\""
"14817" "\"no one should be going to the gym at either of those times. hahaha\""
"14818" "\"Happy new year my lovely friends!! :) xx\""
"14819" "\"+ , TOTALLY just felt one here at , too -- near 6th & WI.\""
"14820" "\"opportunity is a given in life.\""
"14821" "\"I know we are all trying to keep each other awake.\""
"14822" "\"starting to look at the Android SDK; as if I don't have enough already to do...\""
"14823" "\"Teacher: If you could take one person on a deserted island with you, who would it be? Me: LIAM PAYNE! :D Everybody else: Who? Me: -.- xDD\""
"14824" "\"Can't wait to be a believer. All the best for the remainder of your travels. Hope it all pays off for you and your team.\""
"14825" "\"Its bout to hit the fan bro\""
"14826" "\"When my world is shaking, heaven stands.\""
"14827" "\"if mathai goes home on #thevoice i'll be so mad D:\""
"14828" "\"Omg I have this girl falling me ever where this bitch needs to go away\""
"14829" "\"Overheard: \\"You know you in the hood when somebody tries to offer you two 6 month old pitbull puppies at 9 in the morning.\\"\""
"14830" "\"So ready to move to ATL next month\""
"14831" "\"This ol team hoppin ass nigguh\""
"14832" "\"Me & that frog we bonded we've become like best friends.\""
"14833" "\": you are the perfect host for #thevoice. Sweet, supportive and adorable. #team carson\""
"14834" "\"Utah Seeks More Latinos to Adopt Children - Fox News\""
"14835" "\"It's the final day of Showcase rehearsals !\""
"14836" "\"get my outline email?\""
"14837" "\"I feel the same way\""
"14838" "\"very cool to watch overijse on live tv last sun with , lars michaelsen next goal, live in belgium.\""
"14839" "\"readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective. Their English book descriptions = priceless. Is \\"teutonically lush\\" a thing?\""
"14840" "\"I put in a request to my friends at WTHR! You never know.\""
"14841" "\"Gonna go save some animals! Hope it's not too crazy tonight. Be responsible with your let's people!\""
"14842" "\"Tonight: PAPER DIAMOND & POLISH AMBASSADOR at Canal Club Doors 9pm $20.00\""
"14843" "\"lord i aint try to be messy but ur little trade so sexy\""
"14844" "\"Sore Throat? Flu? Gargle w/ CloSYS 4 times dailly. Soak toothbrush in CloSYS each night. Kills the strep & germs! www.closys.com/flu.html\""
"14845" "\"Somehow my 9-year-old daughter's arm has been grafted onto Matt Garza for fielding bunts.\""
"14846" "\"I got that e-mail and thought oh dear gawd why do I not live in NYC?\""
"14847" "\"What's the number for the fairy that stocks mothers' purses with gum and candy? I need to get on her route.\""
"14848" "\"What's the oldest item in Council's archives? The April 4, 1803 Cleaveland Township Records.\""
"14849" "\"in other news I got a B on my last science quiz so now I just have to do decent on the final\""
"14850" "\"dear gods, i need a new portfolio website. and a new tumblr theme. stat.\""
"14851" "\"Funny that Denverites relishing in Carmelo's playoff FAILS (year/career), &ignore that they embrace Peyton, who is in same boat!\""
"14852" "\"Softball game tnite!\""
"14853" "\"Never Again Tho\""
"14854" "\"should follow me back :)) Lol\""
"14855" "\"Last nights show was great! Now takin baby girl to school. Then finishing #NFG designs and #attackattack music video artwork! Slammed\""
"14856" "\"Here we go...cutest ad ever! Great social media message too!\""
"14857" "\"Did u like Philly I lived there for half my life\""
"14858" "\"depends on the popsicle\""
"14859" "\"9.) I don't care how I look or what people think of me because I know I'm pretty and if you hate thats your problem\""
"14860" "\"follow me to get in on some great photography session specials\""
"14861" "\"Congratulations on becoming a Bricksquad DJ\""
"14862" "\"watching the telecom industry flail and die\""
"14863" "\"person in cafe blasting whitney houston just realized her headphones were not plugged into the correct jack.\""
"14864" "\"Me too! That show was getting a little old for me, but now it's all changed!\""
"14865" "\"In Ned Rorem’s apartment he methodically gave me ALL his choral music as I prepared to conduct his 70th birthday celebration.\""
"14866" "\"no... But thanks.\""
"14867" "\"Jack Harry and Frank Boal up in the press box at LSP. Frank's got a SKC scarf on.\""
"14868" "\"its a great class!!\""
"14869" "\"Finally on twitter beautiful lol. Haha\""
"14870" "\"RT : \\"People will hire you & then tell you not to do what you were doing when they heard you.\\" Art Blakey\""
"14871" "\"BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !\""
"14872" "\"should i send you a Harvard t shirt? I think yes? =)\""
"14873" "\"I ALWAYS STAND WITH NEKO. RT : Saw \\"Girls\\"...Why isn't it called \\"Trust fund girls\\"? Also where was the \\"edgy\\" and...\""
"14874" "\"LETS GO #DEVILS!!! SO PUMPED\""
"14875" "\"Delta Air Lines changes Delta Shuttle flight times to on-the-hour service to Boston, Washington, D.C.; adds 13th flight to Chicago.\""
"14876" "\"any time love:) do me a favor?\""
"14877" "\"Storm just shut the Internet down. No school for me. :)\""
"14878" "\"ditto. RT : Looking forward to yoga tonight with !\""
"14879" "\"already done. Had no choice\""
"14880" "\"agree w/ that (& not being critical), just seemed a few extra factors combined to make it extra meh, but it's par for the course\""
"14881" "\"GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':\""
"14882" "\"Want more info on Kid's and YA Latino Lit? Watch for what the #REFORMA chapter in Tucson is planning this spring!\""
"14883" "\"RT In April, #Obama2012 raised $43.6 million across committees. Thanks to everyone who pitched in.\""
"14884" "\"No idea!! Haha.\""
"14885" "\"it's all fun and games until you have to go pick them all up\""
"14886" "\"My bestfriend massages my feet...How nice ? Ohh yeah. I'm boss now (;\""
"14887" "\"When Republican debates turn to social issues I get all tingly inside, like I'm being tickled in the loins by one of the disciples.\""
"14888" "\"sounds like your entire life has been a lie\""
"14889" "\"I understand what you are saying. But none of us can know what was going on in his head. Money definetly does not buy happiness.\""
"14890" "\"I have some very clean boats after a long day of cleaning!!!\""
"14891" "\"I have what I think is an old play of yours...Mae & Her Stories. I'd like to ask you about doing a reading of it.\""
"14892" "\"way to text me back!\""
"14893" "\"Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course.\""
"14894" "\"did you vote for Santo out of curiousity?\""
"14895" "\"Sleep is for the week when the work comes cheap.........\""
"14896" "\"oh and you could never go wrong with a BMW .. Im not a fan of the benz... Unless its a coupe :)\""
"14897" "\"Everyone in New England? And I'm willing to bet they've been drinking more than Peyton.\""
"14898" "\"WENT CLEAN DEAD END THANK'S TO HUS ,POTENCY SHANA NANCY-C SQUEALER & HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OTB MIKEY\""
"14899" "\"Thank you for coming and thank you for the publicity help!\""
"14900" "\"no I haven't talked to her in awhile.\""
"14901" "\"BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant. I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf.\""
"14902" "\"Damn i think my ass is getting sick\""
"14903" "\"Allergy & tax season, it's like getting screwed from head to toe with sneezing.\""
"14904" "\"dim sum. Hmm. Great idea.\""
"14905" "\"I know how you must feel! It's only been a few days but I miss them too!! haha!\""
"14906" "\"wow, sweet gifts! Is that #tanqueray? Yuummmmm\""
"14907" "\"Libraries are like Blockbuster Video Stores for Nerds - e.e. cummings\""
"14908" "\"Tonight is the night that will be talked about for generations\""
"14909" "\"Do NOT ask me a question that you do NOT want to know the answer to… the truth isn't pleasant.\""
"14910" "\"Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.\""
"14911" "\"with the cake I had my eye on, and didn't get, but there is a carnival next year, I'll get another chance. I was 3 & 4, in Fircrest, Bill\""
"14912" "\"I love how lazy my family is that they can't even take me to the bball game when they haven't taken me to one all year\""
"14913" "\"don't be mad now lol. Good game tho.\""
"14914" "\"damn, got all the way down there and they were not there...boohoo...lol\""
"14915" "\"if that doesnt work scrub hard with soap and water then let it dry and just like pick it off\""
"14916" "\"lets go to the pool\""
"14917" "\"I will go great lengths to make sure you know you are the center of my universe.\""
"14918" "\"I really want orange juice.....\""
"14919" "\"Love the picture with Daisy! :)\""
"14920" "\"GUEST OPINION: Drug use, abuse or addiction? - Wicked Local\""
"14921" "\"Rocked quiz section today with a one two knowledge punch.\""
"14922" "\"Good luck to all the FAs. This is your time. Make an impact!\""
"14923" "\"Oh hell yeah I just got my account back!\""
"14924" "\"Intense cleaning with my pandora on high.. All smiles, best vday ever! Life is good 💘👍\""
"14925" "\"oh shush\""
"14926" "\"Lots of interesting questions in this discussion about LMNL and XML about interaction between models and tools/workflows\""
"14927" "\"but you're already doing it, is the good news!\""
"14928" "\"The \\"no punk category in the Gazette best of OKC\\" discussion continues...Will there ever be justice for punk??\""
"14929" "\"We're about to release something you guys have been waiting for. Who's up? If you see this status, LIKE it.\""
"14930" "\"Just looked those up - they would work. Thanks! He wears fancy striped sweats from Boden a lot.\""
"14931" "\"(cont.) How do you make love to a person animal style?\\" <---- Worst questions a child can ask. Best questions a child can ask someone else!\""
"14932" "\"yeah only like 7 or 8 more days :( This summers gone by way to fast :/\""
"14933" "\"This is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Perhaps thats why I slept so well n feel refreshed so early this morning!!\""
"14934" "\"#teamfollowback #promo follow she is cool....#followsback and #promotes follow her and get mad followers mad #love to you girl\""
"14935" "\"Generators Available For Purchase Internet Buying Information\""
"14936" "\"and I chugging vodka I'm my car outside howl at the moon.... Kicking it old school:)\""
"14937" "\"Thanks for the support!\""
"14938" "\"miss u to. Here your play is going to NY! Congrats!\""
"14939" "\"MMG Untouchable X Rick Ross\""
"14940" "\"So much to love about the EEOB. Strikingly unappreciated treasure. Also: Where many of the Nixon tapes were recorded.\""
"14941" "\"Watched both babies all day so my mom can catch up on her rest & she said that her & her gf are going out now. Umm wtf!? Noo.\""
"14942" "\"geez damn house I'd gone too wow I guess I will quit watching tv lol\""
"14943" "\"so much school work to do today -_-\""
"14944" "\"you always look beautiful on the red carpet!\""
"14945" "\"it couldn't happen til next year, he'll be away until October\""
"14946" "\"sup bro!\""
"14947" "\"fair -__- but im raw still B)\""
"14948" "\"Nice score! Thanks for visiting us - we're huge Double Fine fans!\""
"14949" "\"Higgs Boson inverts theory: tries to explain the smallest by the biggest- in explaining a brick's composition by describing a brick house.\""
"14950" "\"#summerplans are ruined today cause its rainy and crappy :( wahhh\""
"14951" "\"Travis Wall Workshop tonight! Can not wait to see what he has to bring to the studio!\""
"14952" "\"GAH I saw the score.I SHAKE MY FIST AT THE WORLD\""
"14953" "\"Grammys are tonight! For musicians, it's our Super Bowl haha :)\""
"14954" "\"Fell asleep for 5 minutes putting my cousin to sleep, Woke up had this boost of energy and went to the gym!\""
"14955" "\"Why does the coat check salt the jar with $5 bills? To provide visual proof that it is ok to tip $5. The power of conformity influences us\""
"14956" "\"what's poppin slime?!\""
"14957" "\"is 30 mins away from me right now!!!! OMG!\""
"14958" "\"Sounds like today is going well for you so far. I'm at the Enum library hiding from visitors so I can get work done.\""
"14959" "\"Stained Concrete Flooring Metro Atlanta www.AcidStainer.com 770-380-5277 High Gloss Marble Look Basement Flooring Atlanta Ga Custom Designs\""
"14960" "\"Got a nice shock checking out - every mini-bar item I'd looked-at/put-back, over 5 days was automatically charged to my bill - ha!\""
"14961" "\"what about Heineken does that count?\""
"14962" "\"Three hours of biking + ACT Prep class to teach tonight + assessment essays to grade = shouldn't be on Twitter.\""
"14963" "\"Manchester drive still in the dark and no heat and no sign of con Ed.\""
"14964" "\"When the F are we going to do a show with ??\""
"14965" "\"Good to know. Thanks!\""
"14966" "\"Hey! When'd you turn into Raphael Saadiq?! ;)\""
"14967" "\"Obama has seen Key and Peele's Anger Translator sketch!\""
"14968" "\"Its rare that i can say i told u so zah father left coffee on the table earlier nite and she got to it now she off the wall\""
"14969" "\"it seems like it was a lot more powerful at one point. Im wondering if they changed something.\""
"14970" "\"Today's Family Fun is INDOORS in #BkSq 1st Floor w/ Jr! Free event for ALL Ages w/ bar 21+ to benefit !\""
"14971" "\"welcome back we missed you:)\""
"14972" "\"Beatles mix cd accompanied with radio shuttle talk complaining of the woman shuttle driver\""
"14973" "\"Welcome to all new followers! We look forward to connecting with you.\""
"14974" "\"Might get a sidekick from daniek(:\""
"14975" "\"#FF I miss you ladies!\""
"14976" "\"I'm just not believing it\""
"14977" "\"If you're gonna play with something play with yourself, not me and my emotions.\""
"14978" "\"I love all of your tweets.....\""
"14979" "\"Just finished Charlie Chaplin's autobiography. Just like his Tramp, he's a gentleman, a poet, and a dreamer, always hopeful of romance.\""
"14980" "\"Why are Christmas trees like bad knitters ?They both drop their needles !\""
"14981" "\"Just watched The Help - so THAT'S what all the fuss was about. Flawless filmmaking.\""
"14982" "\"A wise panther once said, \\"Those who seek instant gratification will eventually get no gratification.\\"\""
"14983" "\"Going to an A's game, nothing like terrible baseball to brighten a cloudy cold day. They do have beer, tho...\""
"14984" "\"i like just friends the old one and newer ones hum hard one turn right\""
"14985" "\"You know you're tired when you wash your hair with body wash and your body with shampoo\""
"14986" "\"What's your beef with Intel? Are you being paid by AMD?\""
"14987" "\"you got it! then the world! ;-)\""
"14988" "\"truth be told Im a freelance artist my Avi pic i drew up myself.. If you have an assignment Ill do a few demos 4 you to choose from\""
"14989" "\"Come on #Bayern!\""
"14990" "\"RT: Jeep Build is Back in Action! Tweet us about your #Jeep and we will retweet it on our page..\""
"14991" "\"Late HUB nights like these are why I keep a hoodie in my desk :)\""
"14992" "\": Thanks Neil! We'll be there!\""
"14993" "\"Bicyclist being followed by police on shoulder of 95S by Columbus Ave\""
"14994" "\"I don't know why I like dumb songs so much.... but Faded has been my jam lately\""
"14995" "\"Haha well thank ya kind gent:-)\""
"14996" "\"Can't wait to see you play tonight in Wrigley! I'll be rocking my Cards gear with pride!\""
"14997" "\"Film crew from New York Film Academy is filming my tattoo for a doc on\""
"14998" "\"thank god it's monday\""
"14999" "\"That's wtf I'm talking about.overtime baby.\""
"15000" "\"#Experience is something that u needed to go through. If there is no test, there can be no\""
"15001" "\"YES YES YES YES YES AND YES!!!!!!\""
"15002" "\"What's your fav and least fav graphic novel? I like Blankets by Craig Thompson. Can't think of any bad ones. Can you?\""
"15003" "\"Right! RT : Constant name dropping, that's that shit I don't like. (Iknowallthepeopleyouknow)\""
