"x"
"\"guys be quiet I'm calling my mom!\" person in background: \"PASS THE WEED!\""
"of course! :)"
"Come on Rangers, score a goal. It's really fucking simple. Put the puck into the net and we'll go fucking mental! (tune: Yankee Doodle)"
"Thanks so much for the comment. Glad you like the jewelry."
"Happy New Year!!! We hope 2012 brings you joy, good health and prosperity!"
"So happy the new Fields record features lots of synths again."
"Wow.. Haven't been on here in a while"
"Rangers rockin da house! One more to make the books."
"we will see about that"
"Relationship between primary care and specialist will change the practice of medicine"
"Word count goal for today? 1000. EXTRA CREDIT if I make it to 1500!"
"and I fell behind. Now getting it together to have a website that is easier to update and navigate. Lots to update now"
"Yes!!! RT :  RT : Thank you SO much for saving the St. Patty's Day parade!!! I love you!!"
"The Crimson Armada AND August Burns Red new stuff today!!i think soo!!;D"
"Have a nice Valentine's Day everyone, and don't forget, less than a week away from the best holiday for us history buffs, President's Day!"
"This new iPad fire though..."
"Watched \"Anvil\" last night. Nice guys finish last it seems, in this case. Always true?"
"How is the crowd to start the 3rd period? They seem quiet on TV. Get that crowd going."
"Currently following 900 Bears fans. All of you are awesome!"
"(I do. I think having multiple languages in my Twitter stream is cool, and usually they speak English too. But I'm curious whether you do.)"
"no filming enjoy your weekend"
"there's none of that in phx!"
"No, UFT attempts damage control after agreeing to eval where ineffective score based on student tests trumps any other measure"
"WOW WHY"
"For fucks sake..."
"Thanks! Well appreciated."
"Hello Tweeter, thank you for the follow. I look forward to learning many things from you in the venue of whatever thanks again."
"I am so confused."
"Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, and Marvin Williams a combined 0-of-9 from the field after nine minutes of action."
"Three people with fanny packs huddled around looking confused. Tourists or Librarians?"
"Suggestions for Intermediate PHP/Javascript textbooks?"
"Time to hit the sheets.. 💋"
"visiting would like to see u, where can we find u and what hrs? Wanted to text, got new phone and don't have your digits :("
"Those with disabilities love God too, and should have a place in our churches. They need to learn & share too."
"Goodnight Twitter..."
"Making me wish we could've found a dog sitter 4 dear, spoiled Elvis so we could have gone to Hawaii next week for 15th anniversary."
"Keep feedback coming on #KatyTrail crime. Thoughts on safety, response? Tweet, Facebook, Email me ()."
"Oh for crying out loud. Boston is Olympic level at scapegoating and overreaction. I'm not worried. What'll be will be."
"DON'T SWING"
"Yea for ! We have cooling."
"Yeah it's definitely not, but perhaps you're a good follow as well to complain about the Bucks with."
"Speedy recovery!"
"Bars in baltimore may be staying open till 3am!!!"
"So in baseball they slide on the tarp in the infield...Will all-star defender Matt Besler be practicing a few slide tackles????"
"I wanna see Hickson & LMA on the court together."
"This is the first NCAA Tournament I've watched where there wasn't a single buzzer-beater."
"Good to know. I fell in love with a gorgeous rose breasted cockatoo, but way too $$$!!! How well does she communicate?"
"Fuck a duck"
"I see how it is, text me if you ever feel like young longer want to distance yourself from your wife or if you just wanna talk."
"Whoa, must be Burt Reynolds or something RT No word on who's throwing out first pitch but MLB has scheduled a 5-minute standing O"
"that's so nice you give nurses a place to sleep!"
"CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio Texas."
"thanks for trying.. :)"
"I'd go with hideout. Sounds more sinister."
"Producer/Directors meeting today...There will be gold."
"what thing"
"djekwks follow me"
"Some pictures from Hawaii (Dec 2011) | travels and seaglass"
"true lover of anything homegrown...#ChuckBrown in da changer the best &the beginnin of Go Go music..goin celebrate his homegoing!"
"people either love or hate that one (I fell on love side) but if you don't like it so far, that might not change"
"I know brutal!!!"
"Why are people choosing now to talk about LeBron coming up big? This was a meh game by his standards."
"Rocking my ninja turtle sweater to work today for tacky sweater day. Even though I don't think it's tacky lol."
"lololol she lounges all over me!"
"RT : yes i think the high speed straights w/ hard braking & passing zone surrounded by grand stands this will be an exciting track"
"How bout I need a boothang;)"
"I love you!!!"
"Chronic complainers <<<<<< it's like dang. Can you stfu and take two seconds to see how blessed you really are?"
"cool im 16. Im marie u?"
"About to head to the Mountains"
"I have a huge bulge in the back... I like to tuck it..."
"What is going on? Went to a new store in IL and they were disorganized and unfriendly. Very disappointed."
"i cant wait to get my car window flag Happy new yaer to all SEA SHEPHERD GO FULL FORCE"
"#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase u can't fuck no matter how many times I tried to teach u. You just failed!!!"
"Wild Rice paired with butternut squash-a winning combination"
"Wow now i am a total lover of lol <3 him !"
"Great brain fuel. I had other plans, but now I've got pan-fried goodness on my mind. See you there!"
"I have sent submission after submission this past week. I am gettin' tired easy. Does anybody got an easier way?"
"Mike Brown is a bad coach."
"\"my momma told me that, sometimes people have to cry out all their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles\" - James Lucas Scott<3 OTH"
"no, that was probably Jay-Z."
"Okay THANK GOD!!!!"
"I am also writing a book I have finished chapter 1 and by Friday will have completed Chapter 2. A Childs Decision to Follow Christ."
"Sure would be cool to see Manning in blue!"
"Plugging into house PA = less sweating carrying speakers for me!"
"I hope they don't mind the comparison, but they have the vibe of a Southern Fallout Boy."
"doing well, cheers!"
"yay!! Let's go out :D"
"Just had the best burger ever"
"Thought the filmmaking discussion went well, thank you to Keith for joining me and to Mrs. Scriven for asking us to participate!"
"It's not just about X'ing on the web app. The story notice appears in all emails/contact my design students have through Lore."
"No CF option, that was just a rumor on REDUSER#"
"finally lol\": Can we skip the \"getting to know each other\" part and just get on with fuckin ???\""
"I could watch an entire movie about Dr. Steve Brule"
"$ I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga! $$$ And Five and a half hour twitter energy drink!!! Million dollars Mill more. YESS!"
"If you try to talk to me about work shit, I will end you. I am at the motherfucking beach."
"Pay attention to your dreams, God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep. They keep saying your name ;) sweet dreams"
"Why are the only two teams I care about (Jets, Broncos) the only two teams trying to have awful drafts and take on Tebow?"
"Flushing the toilet! :D"
"The best moments with friends are when you let things be and they are."
"I love my electric toothbrush, but sometimes I just have to break out the acoustic."
"Just got home nd my mom had corundas waiting for me (:"
"Ah, but you can do a sh run all, to remind you of the glorius catOS days."
"Can u send me another link? I can't see it :("
"thank you!"
"Tribe game and"
":/ : people jus piss me off today"
"“Readers have a loyalty that cannot be matched anywhere else in the creative arts.” ― Stephen King"
"excited for Dance Moms Miami :)"
"Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama :) She is beautiful and so strong <3 Thank you for all you've done for Justin, we love you! Turn To You <3"
"Do you know how I can get the most recent percentages of foreign born nationals of different countries worldwide? Many thanks"
"It would seem if one schedules a 3 hour meeting called \"plan of the day\" that the day has already been mostly planned."
"DrHumanities wants all students to remember that \"the act of pronouncing [something] wrong's a form of caring.\" (Robert Pirsig)"
"Ok halfway through the Lego store line."
"You're sweet. Thx"
"it certainly doesn't make you a bad person... hahaha"
"We just launched our new line of really cute, eco-friendly, made in the USA apparel for women at StonerCouture.com. See you there. Neil"
"Today is Love Day and i LOVE YOU <33"
"RT : Limbaugh just lost the one of his longest running advertisers, the online dating site NaziMingle."
"They are so cute. :) Haha"
"A girl that works at Taco Bell just made my day, just by being cute."
"This Israel can do no wrong attitude had got to change in order for there to be real and lasting peace."
"Oh shit im done"
"Happy Earth Day, everyone!"
"Assembly concurs in SB 174, which closes the school voucher loophole created by the state budget, on a voice vote"
"Looking outside my window...firetruck in front of San Diego city hall?"
"Hey - Pudsey could host a better show than"
"got that right"
"I'm blastin Stevie this morning! The windows are open and the coffee is hot!"
"No, tonight it's Pacers-Magic, then the Thunder-Mavs. Spurs play the Jazz at noon tommorow."
"uh yea!!!!! I love America's best dance crew. Someone better call me in when they r performing!"
"Iconic boyz! :D there my fav.(:"
"Well, it's *real* pumpkin, but from a can. :) I'll roast a pumpkin one of these days!"
"Cumulus/L.A. made cuts, including KLOS PD/afternoon guy Bob Buchmann and market legend Jim Ladd, who'd been doing nights on KLOS."
"fck your heat >:)"
"No more sex till marriage ! Or at least till I get in a bomb ass relationship"
"I've learned one important lesson from my education: I know nothing, and never will."
"\"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.\" - Marilyn Vos Savant"
"follow back? :)<3"
"$175 a piece? holy shit, that's worse then a bcs game"
"\"Whatever happens, at least we’ll be together for infinity and beyond.\""
"Agreed! RT : Dermot is better than Steve"
"#NowPlaying \"\"Space Bound\" -"
"I sware if you did anything to it lmao! I liked the note in it too"
"For some reason I want to watch finding nemo haha"
"are elegantly inlaid in the Unique Titanium Rings"
"Going to the US open final today. Let's go Nadal"
"even though i'm beyond tired i'll stay on twitter and tweet you ;)"
"The best part of my relationship is not only will I go to strip clubs, she will go with me, strip for me there and show them all up."
"how's the training coming along? Headed out for 10 here in NOLA. Highs upper 50s today. You got your snow shoes up there?"
".408 OBP - .504 SLG - .912 OPS. Yea, probably a good idea not to play GIO everyday. For me, there is no reason to sit him."
"a few more weeks!"
"You make me sick to my stomach. Literally"
"I hope my house can be as nice as theirs some day..."
"Love watching dances that are so good they give you chills."
"Don't worry. It has now started. You can safely ignore my tweets for the rest of the night. P.s. giants just scored"
"where u from"
"what the heck,they're like in a gov.t lab test experiment thing or something, wuuut.omg."
"I have alot of episodes recorded xD"
"please teach Brock a lesson! Hes a total jerk! My 7 year old nephew is ur biggest fan and hes gonna be rooting for you tonight!"
"I want my bellybutton pierced..."
"Think I've discovered the problem. Facebook is blocking links to apps... not good!"
"Now that it's time, I am calm as can be. So very happy! I cannot not wait to look him in the eyes and say I do!"
"the #Packers have the best \"Offense\" I have ever seen n my life im 27 so thats a long time!! Fuck all #Packers haters yall lose and we win!!"
"Bob Fellmeth, CAI Executive Director, begins press conference for release of “State Secrecy & Child Deaths in the US” report, 2nd ed."
"Stupid spinning rainbow..why must you show up then go away then as soon as a click again ur like \"OH WAIT IM NOT DONE THINKING YET HOLD ON\""
"you are one stylish lady!"
"I buy Davidson's loose leaf tea in bulk (organic Oothu Green) on Amazon. There is a place on Jeff/Covington in Times Corners..."
"A careless word may kindle strife, a cruel word may wreck a life, a timely word may level stress, a loving word may heal and bless!"
"tomorrow I think"
"#Askaquestion through chat on our homepage if you're having any problems or need help. We're online from 8-11 am and 6-9 pm."
"What about the reverse theory that if you lower working class's taxes, you can pay them less?"
"I noticed your post and wanted to tell you that thegympro.com has great workouts that would be perfect for you. Check it out"
"Sorry, just seeing this (no notifications?). I honestly don't know. We never make it past 1st round ;)"
"Okay :) im just practicing"
"I just need some longer earrings & I'm good"
"William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right"
"cant wait for the movie(:"
"That may be... but You'll always be my beautiful princess. *:3*"
"My English teacher look bad af today."
"Already got my Manchester and Leeds tickets! Can't wait!<3"
"Nothing sweeter than eyeballing a 5px box and then measuring to find it exactly 5 pixels. Yep, been doing this 20 yrs - I need a life."
"that would be really pretty! and you can definitely pull it off!! YOLO"
"Hello to all new followers - hope to see some (all?) of you at likemind Chicago on 5/15 at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!"
"#unitedairlines Who has the time to unpack in the middle of baggage claim area and transfer to a rolling duffle bag you don't want?"
"Come have some U-Swirl to cool you down!"
"Warm weather + day drinking + day drinking = greatness."
"Pretty bored. comment the pics of something ill return"
"At artful ink in bohemia getting a tattoo for a cure!! Come down to support cures for cancer"
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"gives great tours of the amazing Heurich Haus Museum, one of DC's hidden gems!"
"How come Nicholas Payton's new album is in the jazz category on iTunes? I didn't think he played jazz? He a jazz musician now?"
"Happy Full Moon!!"
"\"So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads.\" - Dr. Seuss #Happy Birthday, Dr. Suess!"
"Paul Bunion dunking on the Lakers"
"Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy"
"Thank u Thunderbirds & for havin me !"
"LOL PLEASE HELP!!"
"should have known you would back out! You are a punk and everyone thinks so that ain't on your payroll! Manny will kill you"
"wait! What happened?"
"At the ed Sheeran/snow patrol concert!"
"I wish I could tell you how I really feel, I wish I could tell you, but that's not our deal "
"Playing open mic at Murhpy's in Wrigley tonight...with an upright bassist in our line up for the first time!!! $$$$$$$$$$"
"Had completely stalled on my book reading challenge, but resuming today!"
"RT “: NFLPA has filed a grievance vs NFL challenging Commissioner Goodell's authority to suspend the four players he did.\""
"Pretty sure Fister could've pitched a complete game and finished easily under 100 pitches. Stop pussifying pitchers."
"what's shaking bacon??"
"Nothing says \"good morning\" like a dog coughing in your armpit."
"Tonight the Empire State Bdg will glow in pink/white to pay tribute to Evelyn Lauder, an inspiration and pioneer for breast cancer research."
"sweet. We rolled out 1 of 3 new features today. Visit reports. Delivered to your inbox each night all leads collected for day"
"WEATHER BLOG: Thunderstorms? « CBS Baltimore"
"I so, so appreciate the people of WeHo for keepin' that kettlebell class real :P"
"Just made the Twitter account! Let's get started..."
"That site is HILARIOUS!!!!"
"#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the U.S.S. Monitor left NY for Ft. Monroe & an eventual clash with the C.S.S. Virginia."
"Just saw your movie, loved it. My 5 year old daughter loves you. When are you coming to sunny San Diego?"
"Lala said to tell your sisters to call her"
"Gary ellerson voice #Boom!!! K-Rod 2 lock it down"
"we do have a TON to catch up on. miss you guys :)"
"Sure hands this drive, bud."
"All the fun is in how you say a thing. -Robert Frost"
"Eli on SNL...Peyton was better...."
"keep it steady"
"#jhudczoo Are there ever problems with visitors trying to steal the reptiles? (Not that I'd ever want one!)"
"That sounds way too adorable...! RT Hope there is a puppy pit (like a ball pit but with puppies)"
"oh somebody got in trouble!! Oh"
"FF may make the school look ghetto, but idgaf as long she fails and it pisses her off lol hate her so much"
"I AM AN ICONiac. I want that shirt.."
"remember there is no dating black hole, or anything wrong with being single and dating"
"caraschatz: HQ shares the pics a few weeks after the conference each year- they are free for DL. Check Connections/SLA Blog 4 notice ..."
"The TBS announcers keep saying a potential game 5's start time is TBA. Is this true?"
"I love 's tweets👍"
"I want to be in Vegas watching the fights live with my wife, like Stephen Moyer and Anna Paquin. I love that happy family."
"nope. Just everyone who uses a QR code. I should submit one that was in someone's email sig."
"indeed. My favorite radio station dedicated Given to Fly to him tonight. I shed a tear."
"Hell of a pass Kobe!"
"#packers defense is way too undisciplined. The presnap movement is hurting them more than confusing the off. Guys out of position at snap."
"I'm mad asL"
"Just signed up for Paypal mobile on my android. Cool feature. Take a pic of your check & it gets deposited to your account!"
"cnn ticker: bears lions and tigers loose. come on, you couldnt have ordered it lions tigers and bears (oh my)?"
"Why are you not eating Classic Slice right now? Love yourself. Get some pizza! Bay View 238-2406 North Ave 270-1880"
"#Drew this is my 2nd tweet. Keep singing. You can do it. & I will buy your albums & go to your concerts. You're amazing. <3"
"I'm not Cyberbullying you. You said Dudley is hot, I thought it was funny, so I told u so. No need to get all dramatic."
"Their IPAs are a bit too bitter for me. and i usually like bitter."
"well isn't he just Johnny on the spot. Cool."
"#ThoughtsDuringSchool dang it, I should've gone to bed sooner 😔"
"am awesome ,thanks :) so where do u come from? Am from New York"
"Haa that's funny cuz I'm beating Weekend at Burnies And Jet Files through my Bose now getting lit looking for a fit"
"Finally out of work. And I'm totally loving this weather! :)"
"Happy Boxing Day!"
"Drama will get you back, bitch."
"I can't wait you will definitely rock that stage like always :)"
"I want to dock 555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555"
"Mac Miller isnt hot. He just makes good music."
"Don't wake up in a roadside ditch"
"My husband is assembling a changing table and I'm reading the new Eileen Myles."
"yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :-)"
"Great. Now can you get my inflatable Scream in the next sale? Maybe share a catalog with a Monet Waterlilies umbrella?"
"#17 :) We have never talked but I've watched some of your videos and your a great musician! :D"
"Dear I hear you love ALEC, in that case you'll be happy to hear I shop at Love ME"
"Resetting up mentally 4 my NY,This 2012b most Proserperous(Health, Finance, Personal Power!)4 me Ever!!Gettin my mind rite!:)"
"Leslie Cochran, Austin's iconic and beloved homeless, political activist, cross dresser has passed away."
"Big shoes to fill after fair Mayor Berni. Debating whether to choose the next via Sword In The Stone style or Fitting Glass Slipper style..."
"#FaveSongLines The mirror can lie, doesn't show you what's inside...its amazing what you can hide just by putting on a smile."
"Editing some band stuff on the Facebook and website later tonight."
"RT follow me back"
"The way adam talks about me >>> lmfao this kid. <3"
"Jakey comes home tomorrow!!"
"RT Time to get this HW done... Grad school sucks//it'll pay off one day boo!!"
"Welcome to Queens, NY where my LGA airport hotel happens to be a lesbian sports bar."
"My last day of high school>>>>>>"
"google his name and Dan Le Batard haha ;)"
"lol that was going to be my second guess!"
"Talk To Fans? Please(:"
"Smh it be about that time."
"Walking in the rain c:"
"Liverpool's independent Liam Fogarty posts a lively Mayoral manifesto: Former BBC editor poses a serious challen.."
"short days and long nights or long days and short nights? Or a nice even balance of the two?"
"#HappyMothersDay to all the awesome moms out there!!!!!!!! Look at how beautiful it is outside!"
"tell people to follow me I am gave a contest with my friend"
"Noo She Said You Called Her An Idiot And A Brat And A Badspeller And Other Thingz"
"Happy Tuesday!!! It is a GREAT day here at AvantGarb!!!"
"Send me like 100 words about Guetta. You got my email right?"
"have to think the news of seau's passing is just the tip of the iceberg in this story with some of the revelations already coming out..."
"Oh my...its finally Friday!!!"
">_< IS YOU HOME"
"Lee Fields and the Expressions in Houston tonight, y'all. Can't miss. See ya at"
"Saw an advanced screening of the tonight in Baltimore. Loved as our city's master of the macabre, Edgar Allan Poe!"
"YES\": Kirko bangs fine ass\""
"Can't wait to get dressed up tonight"
"Learned today that most toddlers dont like jalapenos, but mine does"
"Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all."
"MT\": Visit local radio station : #WeActOpenHouse during"
"Welcome to town, sir...."
"Happy Christmas! <3 HP"
"Doing something constructive for Oscar Grant!"
"A lot of people...but it doesn't matter. I want you there."
"Dang I'm bored!!! WELP listening to nicki Minaj always get me hyper"
"Today is my birthday. FUCK THAT. Hahaha that movie is the shit Man!"
"Current topic at #pubcampwest - Why aren't our orgs more OF the community, instead of having to \"visit\" them as outsiders? esp. in"
"Adele x lex Luger mix going hard right now. Ha"
"We're getting a lot of rain in Austin. Hopefully it's enough to bust the drought that we've been in for so long."
"Statistics I will conquer you!!!"
"a geologist drinking from a water fountain? Thought you would know better!"
"I fElt so bad for Keisha smh"
"RT \"I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek\""
"The most successful brand positioning statements are simple to understand and repeated year after year after year."
"Pregnant/breastfeeding women should eat fish, but avoid the fish with high levels of mercury: Tilefish, Shark, Swordfish and King Mackerel"
"the dang sunspot got lost behind the curtains. screwing up scraps. luckily there is another sunspot on the other side of the room. saved!"
"Josh Hutcherson is not in DC yet STAY TUNED"
"Audacious Idea from Barbara Samuels of : If kids count, why not get them out of harm’s way?"
"I wish I was where at....gettin moneyy!!!"
"T-Plush, if you have time sign a ball & give to Eddie for fantasy camp. RT Speaking of , he's signing autographs now!"
"Peyton you will win an award someday i know you will. I will always love you Pey! Remember that okay?"
"will keep you in mind 4 speaking referrals in the future."
"That moment when u are about to go asleep and realize you forgot to set your alarm an then get caught up on twitter for another hour..."
"I love a girl that has pretty panties and greasy lips.."
"Did you know that for the longest time I thought LOL meant \"Lots of Love.\" Naturally, I was frightened."
"hello all nighter"
"sup big bro"
"is getting ready to go work on the set today with some fabulous actors and an amazing crew! woo-hoo!"
"do you follow you should look at their time line. Something in their pertaining to you."
"follow me please?? (:"
"#YouSmellLikeDinner, let's try this again."
"on my way to my last chorus concert! this senior year really has gone by fast!"
"Many biz brands e.g. Kodak which are part of our lives are going away because they're no longer creative says at"
"mic check...mic check....is this thing on? I just wanna get ur attention, please!"
"“: We're watching Grease and Lanes having a dance party. Somebody stop her.” I can just totally picture it right now."
"A4: Ppl are looking 4 the added benefits on SM rather than buying a regular priced ticket like everyone else."
"Bet u wish u played the #hand u were dealt \"SCARED\" But instead u thru all cards in. U had all aces (to bad) I'm playin all \"Duces\". #peace!"
"dont hate. I'm not a fan, but dont be a hater!"
"Google Analytics Social Reports Get Backlink URLs, Post Titles"
"well dem is mines den.. better wrap them johns up"
"Getting ready and looking forward to catching up with Harrison Magun over lunch."
"Let me look into that."
"You are welcome. Best of luck in your PR career."
"In gran manzana for for meetings today and tonight, staying on UWS this time, cena esta noche--rancho cafe on amsterdam. back to DC tomorrow"
"ERROR CITY up in this game"
"ODOT cam...Accident clear from the Powell Blvd. exit from I-205 NB..."
"I'll blame it on being hungover then."
"Not at all . RT : Why do I keep seeing the name boosie on my TL.... Is he really that important??"
"So good!"
"Surfer boys are dope!"
"either way, that little bitch had it coming to him"
"I leave on Monday :) 6 days!!"
"of course...we will be open as long as we need to be...but at least until 3 am"
"It's chili weather! Anybody got a favorite recipe they'd like to share?"
"here's to the kalin and myles fans who have been here since the very first day. 💜"
"Note to self: Never order the salmon burger. Stick with the crab cakes or reg burger."
"A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favor over silver and gold. Proverbs 22:1"
"today has been the first day i finally rested since the cruise!"
"Decided to wait until now to begin travel to #stallis. Waiting for traffic to die down, FTW!"
"You betcha! :) RT Alright West Coast: 2-hours of #glee starts now! Are you watching?"
"bro...baby girl in the red dress on ur new promo is showin' out haha"
"#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1864, CSA Gen. Leonidas Polk evacuated Meridian, Mississippi, leaving the town open to Sherman's army."
"I'm still pumping out our top deals, blog posts, and contest info on (our new account). Follow"
"hell yeah"
"He doesnt think so, but in visiting him anyways"
"Midnight birthday wish goes out to !!! Heard did some karaoke. Can't go wrong! Enjoy."
"Ha right. We can swing by & pick it up. We could really use it back actually."
"the best time to find work is when you are working. It keeps you from feeling the dip that comes from too much thinking"
"S/O to he needs 1,000 FOLLOWERS BY TONIGHT!! FOLLOW HIM FOR A S/O!!!! Message when you FOLLOW!!!"
"Thank you for the shout out :)"
"i dont think you need make up"
"don't I won't have no one to talk to bout Cody and I don't have Costs number So yeh how Will I talk to y'all o wait I have ur #"
"lmfao too late im already dying it red wooop"
"Novak is not THAT good! Come on now, he's no Jesus Shuttlesworth"
"im going to make it my mission to talk to her next semester"
"has made my morning! Thanks, sweetie! <3 (:"
"yea thats why we got Obama"
"A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools."
"Many Americans worried that their social security checks will be delayed. Are you worried? Let us know. www.newsplex.com"
"And theres the first commercial for Euro 2012 and I'm overly giddy for that to start!!!"
"oh my goodness. i look so short next to in that picture."
"Im A Part -Time Female Swim Team Coach ."
"The wrath of brothers is fierce and devilish."
"AAAAAHHHHH!!!!! This day pretty much sucked."
"My head hurt bad, headache really sockin me!! :("
"Wad ya win?!"
"Israeli producer Sam Feuer will be talking his new movie The First Grader tonight 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM"
"People un-followed by Austin , your chance will come ."
"Jacky Has My iPod She Literally Controls My Entire Internet Social Life Right Now(:"
"Oh that's ones going on Facebook and ima tag him ^.^ No BUENO ANEL THAT'S MEAN ^.^ FALL IN A hole"
"I'd use \"unlikely\" but I've been told I'm a master of understatement, which is a little hyperbolic."
"letz get it"
"Duff Man, hooking up Ginsy in his time of need, supporting a budding alcoholic!"
"Johnson: TimeMap project leader to discuss past and potential future roles of social & location-based systems in teaching and research."
"21 more days till i have my baby boy..."
"My 4 year old son has a CHD."
"I sleep better during the day than at night"
"R.I.P to my baby brother Ruben Darryl Poindexter. Gone but never 4gotten. Love u always"
"Oh work you never surprise me .. Guy that said \"oh where to you workout, your so fit\" it's not working I don't want your old ass"
"follow for follow? x"
"i luvvv u;)"
"G+ circle idea was great for sharing content with specific groups and could control who could view your content."
"Santorum and Romney... just wasting bandwidth and sapping our energy."
"Just heard Charlotte alumni present how the Fellowship helped to integrate transit & community development plans"
"Sexy Celebrity Legs: Guess Who! (PHOTOS) Check out those gorgeous gams! Think you know which celebrity boarded a private jet Thursday to"
"#aigadc's newest Board of Directors member. WOOP!"
"* i must of been outta my mind"
"don't! I like that show too. Looking forward to watching on"
"Stall 2 is down! I repeat stall 2 is down! The toilet seat has been torn off! Stall 2 is down!!!"
"Hey , great idea to post your CIF link"
"is my greatest source of entertainment on Twitter!"
"Warm front stalled out so we won't feel the warmer temps until tomorrow. Temps in lower 40's with clouds and drizzle."
"Bo of course!"
"ET WAS REAL"
"I really think the Kings could win it all if the continue like this."
"In GOP debate, current US Senator DeMint just said that \"the President and Congress\" overspend. Does he realize that he's *in* Congress?"
"I still get most of my museum news at lunch. Museum professionals love to gossip, hate to document. Slowly that is changing."
"aww! it sucks! one of my friends is moving also!"
"thank you. Work in progress. I go back for the rest of the sleeve in June"
"need and r&b singer hit me up let me know"
"We are a gypsy company, performing around Pgh. However, some of our favorite places to perform are in the #Cultural District"
"If you're everything you say you are could you come close & hold my heart </3"
"awesome! Have you ever blogged about Life Insurance?"
"ya because she didn't say \"I'm Elena?\""
"no time to argue! I'm very busy & important so I'm unable to spend my days studying my klout score like or"
"thanks for the RT! Hope to see you today!"
"FOLLOW MY PERSONAL - (:"
"really?! I like both! For some reason I just get major butterflies when guys call me babe, whether I like them or not."
"Porsche Mongolian Push Shows Chinese Wealth Heading West"
"Wait so how is only an hour and a half to evansville for you but i live in louisville and it's 2? lol"
"Have you told someone about If All Else Fails Productions today?!"
"my thoughts may change later on, im only half way through"
"K, now that the UWO baseball games are canceled today, here's the plan: I'm gonna sit in my room and listen to the Gin Blossoms all day."
"Need another older women to talk too"
"I love"
"Make it 31!"
"sorry! it was an accident, I love your tweets.... followed back (: <3"
"Ugh, I wish the mail would get here already so I can watch the new Twilight I netflixed"
"thanks for the reminder...submitted Justuno!"
"Just want you to be smarter, Bode!"
"Please send our congrats!! So happy to have her! RT My daughter has been accepted! Transferring from UK this fall."
"Tuesday Tasting tonight at - Chardonnay Challenge! Starts at 7:30 pm. $20 per person."
"Emily's 15s with Dayana & Melissa :*"
"I am stumped when I comes to setting up my website...again...so excuse it for the moment...."
"Happy Bday bro!"
"Wise words, Seb. Wise words."
"this shit dead"
"Great album."
"Is social media sharing the same as learning? Sometimes, not always? I think sharing deepens understanding + memory."
"Trying to convince friends to hit up Nature Research Center grand opening in Raleigh 2night. Because I am 9. And an undercover scientist."
"Thursday, Dec 8th at Smoke Jazz Club in NYC."
"Totally thrown off by the clientele of Lee's tonight. The 40-somethings are bawdy and unruly and the 20-somethings are chill and composed..."
"decisions decisions!"
"You can take a man out of the Ghetto, but you can't take the Ghetto out of the man"
"Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!"
"I'm inlove with you."
"There's been talk of Moodle here, but there aren't plans to change anytime soon. I'm curious of other's experiences, though."
"Best #broadway autocorrects of 2011 RT : My phone just autocorrected \"he's\" to \"h2s\" ....wow."
"#Mexico :D"
"Son. this is my dad's old jean jacket from back in the day. I been had this. I showed u when u were at my house."
"Hello Tina. I haven't talked much, I've been sick. whine whine whine. Hopefully they will find the prob. Car looks good hun"
"Getting ready to eat a late breakfast.Got out and enjoyed the AMAZING weather when we took the daughter to her workshop!Enjoy the day guys!"
"That orientation was so over whelming :/ but at least i got to see all the clubs."
"ugh i'm totally \"never drinking again\""
"sure, it was a \"friend.\" i believe you."
"Lord Grant Me The Power To Accept The Things I Can't Change"
"Looking forward to taking part in the Hornets \"Thank You\" event from 11:30-1pm at Lafayette Square today! Hope to see you there!"
"I need more guy friends. Girls cause so much drama. -_-"
"probably i tied her to a table so i could run away from her"
"I am a graphic designer by day (trumpeter by night & weekend)."
"duh! Freedom unifies people. Winning Dems is how Reagan won"
"#85 | Because we cannot always go to sleep like others. Our minds are working on the ..."
"winner winner chicken burrito dinner haha"
"that's either really hot or really disgusting."
"Rocking some 's been one hell of a fight!"
"This is exactly why I stopped using Spotify. The ad volume level was always off, deafening me and/or coworkers"
"Wow, stay safe Troy."
"Make sure you check out the creepy zombie clown baby profile pic. No more egg...just for you!"
"u rock dont quit being awsome"
"PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you."
"i fucking love so much im gonna bake him all the cookies in the world hahahah"
"Intentionally confusing my guy is a guilty pleasure. It's okay, he knows. Haha!"
"you sing a crappy song on KISS FM Can I get a RT??"
"Nothing like being stuck in a parking garage!"
"People need to chill the fuck out w/ Terry Francona. Do u not recall how he won two World Series after 86 fackin yeeeahs kid?!"
"I Remember being a little kid watching the sabotage vid on MTV and jammin out and rappin along with the beastie boys."
"Hope you're making enough for all 4,267 of us!"
"Live for something rather than die for nothing ~ George Patton"
"haha isn't that true! That's why I'm looking for more locals that actually have a sense of humor. ^jl"
"The neighbors dog is so sad..howling like something from a horror movie. I keep poking my head out onto the balcony trying to console him :("
"hey what's up it's chris Hawkins"
"@ the crime scene lol"
"Live and Learn"
"Is anyone planning a party/retrospective for 50th Anniversary of Shepard's 1961 launch - 1st American in space?"
"Most of us just friendly orbiters “:column on #nvgop nuttiness, but first had to block some followers from the Planet Paul."
"I can't cope with how much I fancy luke brooks and skip from #thejanoskians omg"
"Always thanking God and appreciate the things he did for me."
"Don't follow basketball but love 'just Lin Baby'. Great line."
"You can apply for, shop for and arrange delivery for furniture online, without setting foot in a store. Just ask us how!..."
"celebrating #ConstitutionDay in classes today."
"\"Picking just one athlete doesn't work. You need athletes that span across multiple sports to have an impact.\" Tony Pace (SUBWAY)"
"awww that's so sweet :) like really really sweet!"
"65\" high-def? I'm afraid....VERY afraid."
"Well, I finished watching The Tudors on Netflix. Wow. What a great series! They should do one about Queen Elizabeth now!"
"don't get kidnaped... Yeah right feel sorry for person who tries that lol"
"I just quick pwned my iPhone! I'm loving qik!!!n"
"My last rant: I saw the new \"We Are The World\" was going to be a disgrace 2 bars into it when Justin Bieber starts the song off."
"It was given to me last Wednesday oops"
"“: Summer nights, Everybody's feelin' sexy. #RascalFlatts”"
"what, he's not going to hit .420 all year? Chad Billingsley's going to give up a run?"
"No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x"
"ditto ;D its gonna be #cray. but forreal..... we're all gonna be knocked out asap cause we'll be tired from Kennywood lmfao"
"teaching this AM about missions... what is your mission in life?"
"that sounds amazing! we have over a foot of snow and it is suppose to keep going until thursday at 8pm but, it's fun in 4x4!!!"
"yes, I wore my puffy shirt today. By the way, did you watch Golf Channel as sleep aid?"
"Do you want SVG to stay? Hedo: \"Of course. [...] I would love to play for him until I retire. \""
"you would make my day if u tweeted me :)"
"We just got a few dates booked with The Higher in December! We will post the dates very soon!"
"Great win this morning."
"#SJSharks Clowe will score first...from the bench!"
"Goodnight work in the am"
"RT : When the flight attendant asked for my final destination, I answered \"greatness\"."
"If you plan to vote for the guy who says he's going I shut DC down, that HAS been said -- by !!"
"Preview Day! Preview Day! Happy to host so many prospective students and families on campus today! YAY Preview Day!"
"If... I actually get up that early haa"
"I'm gay for Brandon."
"I have to work :(. Have fun!!"
"I'd give anything for #oomf to be right across from me right now..."
"RT : This weekend's concerts include a pre-concert talk about the music & composers one hour prior to curtain."
"that would be great man...we have two shows on the 14th and then we're free the rest of the week"
"Post-show midnight Taco Bell run? Yes please"
"It is, thanks man. Hope all's well with you. :)"
"Happy National Hug a News Anchor Day!"
"Oh no way, Jose! I'll turn right back around...NEED music to keep my feet movin'"
"Wearing a tucked-in shirt for like the 3rd time in years"
"u should be use 2 it lol"
"TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER."
"Necessary Roughness won. I'll be playing Hot Girl. I've been practicing for this all my life. LoL!"
"We have tons of classes through out the week!! DO WORK SON!"
"People on these shows are ridiculously interesting. How is this possible?"
"lmao let's play real base ball"
"Ha yes amongst the millions of mentions she gets a second but crazier things have happened"
"is dancing around in her new 5\" Michael Kors orange ostrich wedges w/ the cat Stella to Jason Derulo/Breathing = Sarsinlove"
"Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog - it's easy"
"www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame revisited"
"I did - thanks for the coverage!"
"hangout with me this weekend"
"hahaha probably many morning after pills bought in myrtle beach because of you."
"Great start"
"Got in the mail today. Gonna watch it tomorrow but not sure I'll be able to get a review done before TFW."
"That moment when you realize you haven't tweeted in a week and are like \"I had NOTHING to say for a week?! But I'm such a mouthy douche!\""
"A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist."
"more about our individual quirks or something."
"Calling it a night 😱"
"i want that in my face."
"nurse joy, chef joy, merch girl joy, nigga joy, but no mama joy. okay... okay..."
"I deleted all my numbers,,, need new ones,,,"
"what are YOU counting down till? Lok"
"Tampa bay and atlanta"
"- the existence of animals and plants are not artificially created & are believed to be the work of God."
"Chicken in the box."
"Who's online RT"
"Going going...."
"Ready to burn one who's down"
"Exactly. Very sad."
"the best was the \"has fleury regained his composure\" \"no\""
"Standoff in Edina over. Mpls Police decide to leave the man alone in his home. \"He hasn't broken laws,\" says police. \"We'll leave him alone\""
"in what way?"
"If I could split myself into two people so everyone could be happy I would."
"hope to see u in Atlanta at the Fanfest June 4th/5th for vid promos/Q&A w/Fink, YRG w/ DDP/Kim+the appearances for pic/autos!"
"RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Austin is my inspiration, because he tought me how to live out my dream :)"
"happy bay🍰"
"Thought for the week: All librarians want to do is give you free stuff. Free information, free eBooks, free internet access, free cake pans."
"Enjoyed meeting you today, and you're not the least bit scary! :-)"
"What is the point of twitter if I can search for all the people who I know on here? Seems pointless. :-/"
"Who's ready for the summer? WE ARE."
"I'm a vengeful bitch and y'all better know it!"
"Got plans next Saturday evening November 5th????"
"This grant writing thing is just not happening at the moment. I'm totally frustrated. I hate being alone all day, trying to think/work/write"
"You need to start tweeting! Take a picture of your favorite turret and share it :)"
"You need to be ready to act quickly with social media. Allow PR to drive key messages."
"Very cool cloud pic. I see airplane shapes (I see airplane shapes in everything)."
"DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater."
"like i said to Nassy over there, i deactivated hotmail.. #outmypawsnow but love you both big much.."
"Grad school is fine. This semester seemed so long. I'm just finishing up the required courses before I dive into the fun stuff"
"Call us now to schedule your very own custom frame appointment. Look and feel great this Summer with a pair of Tom Davies frames"
"Word. “: \"Sending out your first book is like sending your child out into traffic on the freeway\" -”"
"luve you need to hit me up bout pimping out your boys page"
"#FF & Happy New Year to some #HyattFamily:"
"Why am I still awake? Gotta wake up in 5 hours!!!"
"I dunno, your just unlucky I guess."
"Thank you for including me!"
"follow me please ou god"
"The Chicago Jazz Guitar Summit with Mike Allemana, Jeff Parker and Bobby Broom swung and rocked the packed Blue Note in Poznan, Poland!"
"Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue"
"thanks for the mention on the #Burma series"
"Main/Home first"
"Absinthe, Absinthe!"
"\"Not only amazed & entertained, but more alive & less lonely.\" Jonathan Lethem's powerful reaction to Thomas Berger's writing, in NYT."
"I ain't here for a long time, but I'm here for a good time."
"#IndieMusic MP3: Gap Dream – “58th St. Fingers”"
"Agreed-->RT : Social media must be meaningful!"
"Council marks World Autism Day with STEPS student art show 4:30-6:30 in City Hall."
"Taxes submitted. BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend. Yay."
"you look beautiful!!"
"where are you at right now? lol idk anywhere"
"I hear theres going to be a few good car ads during the Super Bowl."
"Uh oh #EBUS118. Not looking good for tonight. Early poor defense hurting now. One more inning... let's go."
"A General Authority said \"Google it\". Love it!"
"BOOKED a Geico spot shooting tonite. Looking forward to working with The Caveman!"
"I see what you mean - single-spaced looks a little dense."
"Does twitter benefit you in anyway, shape or form?"
"Hey you have a really great mobile interface for your collections!"
"Where is #marc 511?"
"if you aint got no liquor or weed tf we talm bout ? , o_O ."
"how gay is it that i havent been to the beach all summer? yeah, happy freaking labor day everyone."
"Can we make it to 500 followers today? If we do we'll pick 1 lucky follower to win $10 in driving credit. RT and follow by 3pm to enter!"
"Congrats on your engagement Michelle, we hope you give us a try for your registry!"
"well well well hello you ^^"
"will do the next time I'm in Madrid. Love your city!"
"Poor - still needs an Avatar. Any ideas? Any artists out there want to send us one? We're graphics-challenged. :=("
"I am cheating on you."
"Can Twitter really be useful in academia? II'll be listening in today #TwSIG - Tweet this SIG!"
"Last night's game between the lakers and heats...what an incredible shot by Kobe.."
"I posted the link on the last tweet, did it not work? I can post again."
"Finally getting to finish watching the first live episode of then hopefully the results show."
"The sky's been teasing like a school girl. GIVE US RAIN!"
"Whoever said \"It's all in the journey\" never had to deal with Penn Station."
"Nothing says classy like a PBR Tall Boy! Cheers!"
"Overhead bins in #Airplanes are getting bigger. #United & #Delta are now upgrading bins to hold more"
"My Chemical Romance for me. Who's your favorite band?"
"We changed our page picture in honor of our Ghost Walk tomorrow. Dr. Helene Knabe MD at the Chilling Chatham Lockerbie Ghost Walk!"
"Media interviewers repeatedly neglect to interview those kids most affected by daytime #curfews. Homeschool & Alternative are most impacted."
"I really need dat Rosetta stone. Spanish class is a beast Lmao. Who know Spanish?"
"Woah that was weird and scary I see a tweet about Justin and then one less lonely girl starts playing..."
"Happy Easter Everyone! Hope y'all have a great day!"
"It shows the mentality of these thieves, they have filmed & announced where they are going to steal from & it's ended up on the news!."
"rock climbing with my cousins :)"
"any suggestions for someone who is interested in becoming a machinima director?"
"is just about the only person that can ask me questions."
"#Scandal season finale!"
"Just came across a business calendar item that promotes an event as having, ahem, \"unusual family activities.\""
"Starbucks to open on Disney properties"
"\"The more we give love, the greater our capacity to do so.\" Dr. David Hawkins"
"Fun fun fun fun at one of the last surviving Friendly's restaurants w my sisters"
"This was a move i would have liked to see Roenicke make on Monday with estrada."
"Thank You:D! You're lucky you're outta high school (x"
"the weather and my almost good hair day forgot to communicate this morning. come on guys."
"Act 2. Let's do this. #birdiegang or die"
"Wishing I could help my mother. I'll get her out of this slump one day"
"You can find work w/o exp. in Asia and Latin America. You could also volunteer at home or do an internship."
"God it's you I love you You're so beautiful you're so happy you made the perfect end to jasmin"
"I hope so."
"#BOYFRIENDvideo in 3 days. I'm beyond excited."
"The whole concept of earphones sir is so I won't have to speak to anyone the bus including you."
"I look beautiful in this tux"
"Late night walks and frosty runs with my sisters are more important that final essays any night #neverwantoleavebtown "
"We tried Sinless #Margarita mix yesterday and it was out of this world! Only 5 calories per serving-ALL #NATURAL !"
"Thanks for the tip. I ended up watching a youtube video and using a DIY repair kit from the auto parts store."
"It's Miller Time!"
"thanks! I like the ;) in your tweet!"
"well its been nice here to weird for wisconsin I guess"
"It was good seeing today!!!!"
"Rest In Peace.... Linda Bernice Henderson.... with much Love my thoughts an prayers are with u bro."
"QOTD from a patron regarding ID photos: \"You think you look like hell until you get the next one.\""
"RT : The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. ~ Cicero"
"do you think yu can do me a small favor o:P"
"well there's one positive thing from that, no school tomorrow"
"Last day to get our #cops #tshirt for $16.95! Our newest #tee (released tomorrow) is freakin' #awesome! Check out TuesdayTees.com!"
"Don't mind me over here... Just quoting business and booking it."
"www.kingoffitteds.com New Rochester Red Wings Fitteds in Custom Colors....."
"I think y'all look alike"
"I Am Already A Fan, I've Been Following You Ever Since My Manager Told Me About You... Lol..."
"“: Moment of silence, honorary 10-count for Bert Sugar. We'll miss him. #boxing”"
"A Theme of Their Own #drupalfilms \"There's no crying in Drupal\""
"Hello, LA. You're the same as I remember."
"Asked a researcher in #microbiology what #bigdata means in his field: 2-20GB. #reallybigdata means 20TB+. !!!!!"
"My movie moment was when I was a kid watching E.T. with my parents at the movie theater.Ahh great memories."
"and I are getting excited for #NVSA. UMD-CP and cherry blossoms, here we come."
"up to the chase group. They have to decide to race for first not second. Sky have the numbers to do it"
"I hear you. Obscene. Now if that money was going to his DAD for a new movie..."
"Nice to see you at the Bloggers Lounge"
"The ‘Gator’s strong point is a luxurious interior with ample space for passengers in all three rows"
"everytime I see a colossal bug on FB (everyday), I think \"write crap code and profit on the backs of suckers, er, users\""
"me too"
"so happy you found us! we are in san fran too if you make it out west often!"
"Thanks for the follow! Following you back on #FF!"
"I knew it! that didn't last long at all.."
"Love Whitney Houston. But can we just stop with the I Will Always Love You references. It's a Dolly Parton song!! (love Whitney's version)"
"I love how my mom calls me all the way downstairs to ask me to get her a blanket???"
"Glad to hear it! :D"
"Everybody go follow"
"why we gotta be insecure and FAGGOTS though???"
"Follow me plz bro~ K thxs :)"
"Never count on making a good sale. Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good results-Warren Buffett"
"kind of, I stay further south"
"Just watched Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas. Maybe we should rethink the 19th Amendment."
"I can't help it you're always on my timeline!"
"But I'll keep dreaming"
"Just got a new H-D motorcycle helmet and about to go riding with hubby. Live free, ride hard."
"\"is there any love\" came on @ the bar in Chicago"
"Thanks for following me."
"One more thing, read my fucking emails. Thanks."
"Spending time with my princess >"
"OMG yes okay we will make this work. yes."
"FML! Why did I go into arts admin?!"
"Bring some marshmallows to the show sat because red devil lounge is gonna BURN"
"I like the giants in this one..."
"Anyone know if Benkovitz is open Christmas Eve? No hours on their website, and no luck with either phone #. Help!"
"He want me ta call him ; unmmmm"
"Morning world"
"so tried yawn yawn ..."
"After several stops we're on our last stop now getting some to go breakfast at Jollibee then go straight home!😊👌"
"FIU making us sweat it out here!"
"*Looming over your both* Yes, Ms. Stroop, I am."
"I keep tryin2splain that veganism's logical endpoint is testtubemeat,more petroleum&GMO based crops&end of organic but...sigh"
"then gtfo of it -.-"
"I know that showing emotion don't ever mean I'm a pussy ."
"Matt Goukas on the Orlando broadcast \" Jodie Meeks is the worst defender in the league\" Ex coach"
"That's the spirit! RT : I am determined to put Batesville, Indiana on the map for Innovation, start ups and technology!"
"No, though we're a membership-based organizations that has dues.these all go toward events, tho"
"I'm doing good :)"
"blerg glad my whining was justified. luckily was there to buy me bandages and neosporin."
"I'm waiting for the call"
"Welcome to twitter! :)"
"LETS,GO MIZZOU WE WINNING IT ALL"
"Made my mom a #HappyMothersDay late Breakfest. It took me an hour and a half to make pancakes cause I have skill."
"Patriots have a stable of good backs...could lead the NFL in rushing as a team"
"#S/O TO MY BRO LADYS GO FOLLOW HIM HE'S LIGHT SKIN LOL BT ITS #TEAMDARKSKIN LOL"
"What I supposedly did wrong idk.. All I kno is that I'm reaping the \"rewards\""
"The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be."
"I thought CeCe was about to start the pentecostal version of \"Yes!\" They would have had to carry a few folks out ...."
"I miss you more😢 was thinking about you this morning!"
"I'm really glad you had a great trip, and I'm glad I was able to be a good hostess/tour guide. You're welcome back anytime!"
"From the dog's point of view, his master is an elongated and abnormally cunning dog. ~Mabel Louise Robinson"
"lol. no. i'm at home."
"you poor thing..."
"hi who is your favorite we superstar"
"d'oh! Go figure, it'd be one of the 6 days out of the year when it's not hot and sunny there!"
"THE BEST HAS YET TO COME"
"Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together."
"What I dream of is an art of balance."
"Best book Eva!! Ten mile river by Paul griffin must read book"
"Now onto the weekend with a clear mind and more love for my family!"
"Pet town til I fall asleep"
"The Fall 2011 CLO Symposium is less than 3 weeks away! What sessions/speakers are you looking forward to most?"
"That's cool!"
"Haha... RT : Data ruins the ad magic, don draper would be so sad"
"Todays quote \"I'll believe a corporation is a person, when Texas kills one.\" John Bonifaz \"Free Speech for People\" Repeal Citizens United"
"i know the entire SONG...Word for WORD!!!"
"I'm serious I'm just to lazy to go anywhere right now.... Aw you suck -__- lol"
"hi coco!i love the show you and ice are soo cute together!;)"
"I'm thinking it's a steak and potatoes kind of night :)"
"The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Treat yourself GOOD!!! You deserve it!"
"I need a haircut! I gotta come over for one!"
"Witnesses: you \"win\" a deposition with ur BRAIN, not your mouth. So shut up and learn how to listen/think."
"1/2 Off bottles of wine and sake this Monday and every other Monday"
"In addition, it will take millions out of a low-interest savings account and then it over to police & fire in all 18 cities # SAFE"
"not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]"
"Wish my sister a happy birthday!! Love you aly!!"
"Well played Monica lol"
"\"When you're weak,I'll be strong. When you let go,I'll hold on.Just take my hand together we can do it.I'm going to love you through it.\"<3"
"I don't trust my mom driving on the freeway"
"I think we can hit our renewable energy targets by harnessing hot air coming from GOP Congressmen. Problem solved!"
"during DRIVE TIME, switched lanes on Irving Park. like a boss."
"you can never go wrong with great BBQ!"
"has never been a better time to convert paper documents to safe, secure electronic files. And we've just slashed prices to make it better"
"it's a wide open sky."
"I see TO is stating he is broke and friendless. Hey TO walk to your local library and google \"Karma\""
"#truth RT I don't care how cold and grey winter can be.. I'd be so unbalanced without it."
": My mug is going to have vampire fangs!"
"We're working on that Paul...Do you have a connection in the USA who can send you some for now?"
"I really need a vacation... So tired"
"Drop us a line at"
"Got my phone sorted out. It was letting me see her profile like it was mine but not letting me tweet from it. #itsallgood :) I fixed it."
"Thanks for mentioning the book! The small but passionate crew here at Aquila Polonica Publishing is pretty proud of it!"
"Want some more #WhenAustin's or #Imagines? I've never done imagines for Austin before. lol. :)"
":) can't wait hun"
"lmao put a bra on! Cause that ain't right!"
"thanx, miss talking to my Serena :("
"Glazed ceramic tile provide an easy-to-clean decorative medium for kitchen and bathroom floors and walls."
"wow, #blackbaud buys #convio to form a monster non-profit team. Interested to see the implications of costs, clients, services, capabilities"
"Genesis Medcial Center - Illini Campus () has named Dr. Peter J. Metcalf VP of Medical Staff Affairs."
"Another Top Pick: 10/31 Sweeney Todd Shave-Off to benefit Movember. Free live music/discounted eats! RT Plz"
"I saw you more as the Construction Worker myself."
"LOL! They ran out of Hienies hot sauce -- people went #apeshit!"
"Okay, the plus about today is that I am DONE editing chapters one and two (err for now anyways.) tomorrow is chapter three starts!"
"Half of US College Grads Under- or Unemployed - The Mark"
"Whats the difference between a MUM and a MOM! Happy Mother's Day UK MUM'S!"
"Patience young Jedi. Wrapping takes skill and strength."
"you can't afford school, go work at mc d's? allowing only people who can pay upfront in the door..."
"Been a great day! I feel like I got a good amount accomplished. Yard work, laundry, chess, biking, etc... Off to bed."
"Aw, come on. Never? It's fun!"
"going the 18th leaving the 20th"
"What is the funniest sports related story you can think of? We want to hear it!"
"♥♥♥ Happy Valentine's Day to all ♥♥♥ \"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.\""
"One of the greatest moments of my life. Well, that and when I once called a Paul Bako home run."
"Yeah, i learned at track today im not a fast runner..."
"1 Peter 3:12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous,and his ears are open to their prayer..."
"Happy Muh-fckin New year... Make it a good one!"
"it was just a dream. Nobody like Pete Campbell that much."
"#justinbieber go on that fan site that says justinbiebersfansite.blogsite"
"oh, that's a wonderful area! go to dolce vita and all the places around that area on duval!"
"Just found an old #acappella album. Sweet"
"Yup, It does feel great to wake up with a W in Canada. Congrats! Now on to Portlandia. Please WIN meow meow meow"
"Do not fear mistakes - there are none. Miles Davis"
"Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price sushi, beer and wine!"
"RT : It would be so cool to eat lunch with u! // Aw, thanks."
"What I will enjoy watching in Saints vs Lions is see how the Lions literally figure out how to lose. Will be fun"
"Fell off the workout train - need to get back on..."
"HOME RUN! PAPI!"
"big up fa da follow woty!"
"You guys in DC?"
"Oh my gosh! If you've got a migraine, you should probably go home. They're completely intolerable for me. :*( Feel better."
"BURGER TIME! Come grab our \"Scampi\" Shrimp burger or a burger with smoked salmon!"
"Bob Probert RIP - the best enforcer ever!"
"I now know the way to San Jose."
"Or complain that someone stole their shit..."
"it's better that way more for me, lol"
"brian roberts taking bp in KC... go b rob"
"my mom is getting so caught up in the novela. omg"
"i heard someone call #Facebook Fakebook and they were in the \"younger\" generation so does that mean.. it has truly jumped the shark?"
"YES thank you!! :-) “: #NowPlaying \"You Get Me\" Download available on iTunes. Great stuff,,check him out.”"
"f you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen"
"A Walk To Remember #favoritemovie <33"
"Today I learned that motivation can come and increase while doing the task."
"we get to think of life as an inexhaustible well"
"Good Morning an Happy #Monday!"
"!!ugh its so bord aint num to du!!!but get high have sex n party dnt ppl gt tired of tht!!"
"Heyy youu! Yeahh you reading this goo follow noww! She follows back. Soo, follow her!(:"
"Dear girls (or guys) in yoga: please no more short shorts."
"So proud of myself :)"
"If you are quiet you can hear the sound of money vaporizing as stock market tanks. I don't make predictions only follow the tape"
"Thanks for the info!"
"At the peoples choice awards with Chloe ;D"
"When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure"
"My $.02 is that the #SOPA web efforts was equal to 25 yrs ago if all 3 netwrks news anchors told their audiences to call Congress"
"Tan lines from track are the worst! Im thinkin' beach this weekend!(:"
"Holiday trains are totally gross. People still work today!!"
"Tired & worn out & my nights not even done yet lol How are you?"
"Lunch time... Baja Salad anyone?"
"so many people love me somebody got to hate me"
"Haha! RT : Woo hoo!! Adopt me! RT : A2. Family size Frozen Margarita. Hey, I travel w. 5 kids!"
"It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business"
"If you could build anything in the world- what would that tool look like and what would it do?"
"do you want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella"
"ChaChi I love your dancing And I'm amazed at how old you are I thought you were like 18 XD All I'm saying is I LOVE YOU<3!!!"
"Cena killed it, well done."
"She's looking right at you. So much for sneaking the shot."
"Looking forward to heading over to #KBIS later this AM. Many thanks again to for the pass!"
"What are some of the dangers in email chain letters? Or are they harmless fun?"
"humboldt county has really had an effect on you, huh?"
"I live in the power of now my actions now will determine my future"
"we're settled in with some after dinner lattes..."
"Absence of a labor movement is one of the driving forces of inequality in the United States - Vincent Mosco"
"will u follow me"
"I'd never seen an Ethiopian restaurant with a drive through before. The containers must look like giant pizza boxes."
"if hell freezes over before MN, I'm gonna be pissed."
"Although it may not be for everyone, some think going for a run on a first date is the greatest idea since sliced bread. More » Post fro"
"Out of $550 NLH. Down to 1/3 of entrants. No action on my big hands and coolered in other spots."
"Where are you working?"
"When you realize your relationship ain't shit now, but everyone has told you before <"
"The Second City joins us at The Hillman in 1 week. Don’t miss it! This is a performance you won’t soon forget."
"Today wasn't as good as I thought it would be"
"Wow UGA actually looks like a good team..."
"Lmaooo You Childish` ... they Must Finna Put You On The Fox??"
"Shout Out to....... Go follow her she is amazingg!<3"
"Just got a text from my wife stating that she's hanging out at the Nada Surf sound check. Meanwhile, I'm home with 3 kids. How do I feel?"
"You're awful"
"one large uhaul trailer, an F250, and a car full of clothes..."
"I got your back bro! Will be cheering!"
"WOW, just found out that the new season of \"X Factor\" won't start until September..."
"nah you txt me foo"
"Greg Baldwin: We didn't know why NOT to build a #nonprofit that wouldn't be dependent on philanthropy forever"
"When people don't believe a word you say even when you're telling the complete truth <"
"I really wanna watch Battleship. :c"
"In the tri-city area (VA Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake), there are only 389 foreclosures - This represents less than 7% of total properties..."
"Just implying that all we can tell from SA is what killed them"
"Chelsea you really had to win this match, now it's almost impossible to get up to top 4, you need to win Sunday FA cup, and must on 19th."
"Im hungry so Hurry!"
"Did you just see the way Kuper's foot was turned?!"
"Thanks for coming out and joining us for Damsels! We've still got room at Rocky Horror tonight. Or join us June 2nd for next one"
"After a series of leaked prototypes, it's almost a given that Apple Inc. will unveil a new version of the iPhone on Monday."
"Can someone please help me get one more follower? Im almost to 380.:D Just one more please? (: ♥"
"Google music becomes \"Google Play\".. call it what you want it's still my music service of choice. if you = android, get acquainted."
"Damn, got some kind of headache. Must of been something I ate last night"
"HAHAAH and that's how I feel about math. AP what?"
"there their, dont get too worked up now. ;)"
"Awesome! Thank you so much!"
"Holy blurry photo batman!"
"Thanks for the Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to our conversations :-)"
"Thank you honey bunches : ) love you too! RT S/o to .Happy Birthday Sissy love you (:"
"Okay, how about a blocked freshman program with iPads integrated? Apply to get in, keep the iPad. Discuss."
"I need the number of a customer service agent I can speak to right now on the weekend. Do not give me your corporate number."
"love you man.. Was hammered last night lol"
"I use Indian Remy hair lashes. They make a huge diff in the overall look."
"RT : I wish Bristol could find me a real family instead of these 2 awful dads I'm with. Maybe parents like her & Levi if I'm lucky!"
"The haunted house is great, but the Forsworn quest's ending was pretty amazing for its scale - at least for an RPG"
"Thanks, love! :D"
"No records at City Outdoor meet yet but sun came out and rain is gone. Will be a cool night. Last year it was in the 80s and humid."
"ta-ta-totally jealous"
"YAY such perfect timing! Happy Birthday!"
"If I Had A Gun, I wouldn't use it because I'm MacGruber!"
"IS NOT THAT BABY DADDY"
"thanks :). Well talk later ;)"
"Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20. Nice work, RCRD!! Excellent bout thus far"
"Me and Day was cool"
"The following are excerpts from employee evaluation forms: This person is not really so much of a has-been, but more definitely a won't-be."
"It's freezing in the office. I am going to take after Mr. Rogers and have an office sweater and slippers."
"Have you tried ? If so please tweet/ YELP us and let us know what you think!"
"That show is the worst, even Maggie Smith's hammy Edith Evans impressions can't maket watchable"
"Up at 6am with only two hours of sleep, making a valiant attempt at returning to Corporate America today."
"u mean my money lol"
"right now i'll say noon, but i'll keep you posted :)"
"Dont be Envious of another man's Success, Learn from that man and make your own success!"
"That awkward moment when you accidently touch someone's ass."
"Ah! I miss you! Thanks for the #LoveTweet :)"
"I don't wanna go to school tomorrow.It's been pretty stupid."
"lm fine Thanks :) Also very tired.!! <3"
"I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)"
"There it is!!"
"What year was the album “Come Fly With Me” released?"
"Appreciate you including me. Thanks."
"Smack her on the ass and bounce that ass bitch"
"Just holding down the fort in studyhall with"
"\": good morning sweetheart I hope u have an amazingly blessed and exciting day. I love you too. <3 :)\""
"The Corbomite Maneuver is far from perfect or even great, but as a pure distillation of #StarTrek it's hard to top. 1/2"
"cleaning is going well... 1 load to Goodwill & now to recycle empty propane & CO2 canisters... yes, we are getting ready to move again"
"Had a fab time tonight! Thanks for a fun evening. Cantina. Beckons. Us."
"I was just listening to She Will Be Loved and I'm crying. It's such an old song. Like, 3rd grade old. :')"
"this is insane"
"We are open from noon to midnight! Stay tuned for today’s deal…."
"MY NIGGA .....THE GAME CAME OUT"
"Greg Robinson: Education does not begin & end when the bell rings."
"this moring my chest was hurting .. now its not :)"
"We've been here before under slightly diff circumstances. Innovation and technology will always change the way we work. - Rio"
"me too IM LIKE SHIT BRO . That's like 100 essays fuck hahahah"
"Love that is not madness is not love"
"\"Oh yeah ooh aah. That's how it always starts. But, then later, there's running and then ..... screaming.\" - Ian Malcolm. Lost World."
"good ass movie doe ;D"
"Just finished making chopped liver. I feel like an 80 year old Lithuanian woman. Come to think of it, I kinda smell like one, too."
"Well, the Bucs are third in the NL Central."
"\"Live simply that others might simply live\" EA Seton. RT : Morning!"
"Can you come to the event tonight? #GGHH tonight! 's! see you soon!"
"yep! Packing today. Can't believe it's already here"
"We open at 4:30 w/ a great cask of Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour."
"For those of you who love to spin that old hi-fi disc at home... well, the vinyl version of \"Black Rabbit\" is on it's way. ~peace"
"just got home from my workout ,now about to get in the shower and put on some clothes. "
"you're so nice! I would have just said, \"You snooze, you lose, SUCKA!\" Tee Hee! I'm actually really nice. ;)"
"Well I was I just pissed about a little bit too much"
"Come on over to Barleys Bar on 15th. and Cuming. Grab a #beer and a #cws T from your old friend Piv."
"there is still space left in the current class!! where did you hear it was full???"
"It's a great night for pasta...all-you-can-eat pasta $6.99 tonight :)"
"Watching #TheAvengers. Review to follow."
"Am chillin relaxing halla at me thanks"
"yeah the first version was messed up. it's fixed now."
"No problem ! Followed ! :D"
"Like If You Shower..... How Desperate Are You For Likes You Attention Whore!!! Go Crawl In A Ditch And Die!!!"
"I am doing phone screens with the game on. I have warned each one that I may all of a sudden curse out loud."
"I Just Ssen This Sexy Ass Asian Chick N She Wuz Speakin Her Language 2 One Of Her friend N I Swear I Think She Just Said My Nigga."
"thanks for the RT. Looking forward to seeing you at"
"#5 - and thanks for the call."
"calm down there Drake"
"She has my vote - - iTunes style. LOVE the originality of her voice."
"What is your favorite music genre(s)?"
"Nice! RT 5th largest crowd in Carrier Dome history for this game vs. Louisville!"
"now I have to relearn the whole dating thing."
"The dental hygienist made it feel like she was trying to scrap by teeth off"
": WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE! Expectation: PARTAYYYY!! Reality:Peeing with the door open."
"thanks a bunch for the MCN tweets from all of us who didn't get to go! Much appreciated!"
"Yikes! I'll be thinking of you."
"Red Room: Broad Ripple => DJ Papa Paulie Dance music. Doors open at 6 p.m. Food served until 10 p.m. - 3 a.m."
"I'm so pissed now."
"love you to!! <3"
"Chillin in world fair park with"
"Convo w/my 3 year old in car: Me: Let me help u w/seat belt. Her: Girls don't need help Me: Sometimes they do. Her: Nope ...20 min later"
"So I'm addicted to sleep, its my drug, my bed is my dealer, & my alarm clock is the police"
"Listen To Birdman And Mack Maine And Lil Boosie Song The Fam.M.P."
"Joey Votto just hit a walkoff grand slam for his third hr of the game?!?!"
"Am ithe only one who jus eats the marshmallows out of the lucky charms ? o.O"
"Hi Joe! We sent you a message about the release of \"Pluto\" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!"
"Thanks, Steph! We REALLY appreciate all your support."
"I can't stand when ppl act obsessed"
"Some guys use the words ''i love you'' way too much -____-"
"well thank you Tony! Congrats again on your 'Days' role!!!! :) You're going to be quite busy, I'm sure! :)"
"What's worse the officiating or chris webber?"
"wow, amazing, amazing photos. Worth the trip..."
"....has some very exciting news to share! Stay tuned! #greater!"
"omg, they broke facebook, so i had to come here to find out why i cant log in"
"I missed the beginning of the game. How many blocks does Anthony Davis' unibrow have?"
"Incorrect #IntorvertsOnSocial RT : Everyone on Twitter is an extrovert."
"Chris Rock has jumped the shark. It's all over for him. He has #DaddyDayCare syndrome also known as"
"im having a bad day..it would really make me happy if you replied back or followed me! you are my vINSPIRATION"
"'06 Los Carneros #syrah. So good. Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!"
"Crazy how many zinesters are now either librarians or women's studies professors. Or maybe not so crazy."
"WOW. Really cool -- Memorial Hermann hospital is LIVE tweeting a brain surgery this morning. Follow it at"
"To reduce our vote down to one issue plays into the hands of those who want to take the vote away all together. Stop being manipulated"
"RT if you think it's sick that City Atty Goldsmith wants to publicly name victim of cop sexual assault instead of letting her be anonymous."
"I love eating champagne grapes...they're like fruity caviar"
"#YouCuteAndAllBut you think too highly of yourself."
"That Lil Girl From JABAWAKEE'S CAN D A N C E :D :)ILYShawty<3"
"your music helped me get through the shitfest of finals! But it also helped me gain this wicked hangover! Ha!"
"yup I'm watching it to! 😄"
"joe I am loving this article. Thanks for sharing :)"
"I wish that hissing had succeeded booing as the standard vocalization of disapproval"
"I didn't know they still existed"
"#FF Ted Thompson beat me in a contest and is really, really, really good."
"�Each of us has heaven and hell in him...� ? Oscar Wilde"
"Did u tell him??"
"Thanks Andrew!"
"If this isn't the perfect day for Peach Mango tea, I don't know what is..."
"Got it-- I had an old email saying you guys might be interested in TV too. I'm a big fan of Tosh.0, keep up the good work!"
"I can see the Sideways comparison too, which is strange b/c I think FSM & Sideways are very different"
"We should all make it our icon for the game tomorrow x)"
"Are you a parking ticket? Because you look cheap and i should've avoided you but i'm too lazy"
"The ref didn't see the freakin goal in front of him!"
"So rooting for Christine!!!"
"Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, $50, and a screwdriver. Awesome."
"Yo Rain is mad packed tonight we getting it in in las Vegas tonight!!!!!!!!!!"
"The Political Hurricane is putting FL HD30 from being a toss up to slightly Democratic."
"Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. Romans 12:12"
"One word...High"
"Have fun! (I'll be attending this con vicariously through you this year, you realize, so tweet well, and tweet often.)"
"THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT SOUTHWEST HIGH SCHOOL THIS FRIDAY MORNING!! SO BE READY YALL!!"
"Freese Frame...see you in Game 7. WOW"
"Fun to look at, and funner to eat!!!"
"LOL what's a girl have to do to get a little link time? I'm heading to langdon farms now. Good luck. Maybe next time!!!"
"feel the fourth flow through you"
"with the girls on tap for a fabulous sunny evening in MN! #Irish_Moxie here I come!"
"Everybody please get new album 11-1-11 It is amazing!!"
"I just love too much!"
"#BestMemoryof2011 getting 2 meet twice :) and hugging him 4 times :)))"
"i dont like when fans do that.Yeah i get it that your jealous,but u dont need to hate just bcuz u r.They still love you too"
"Hahaha jk, I have no sorrows :)"
"I will check out the DC on Friday"
"Touchdown Meetinghouse scores it's 3rd NFL player wedding this year New Superbowl betting criteria. Team with the most Meetinghouse Weddings"
"My eyes are killen me"
"people block me yet i haven't done anything to them....WTF?"
"I am officially on da #Jermy Lin band wagon."
"Make sure you report for his campaign #spam on twitter today"
"pretty good I can't complain, wbu? College life get any better?"
"I've got a Ping EYE2 sand and pitching wedge in great shape with serial numbers registering made in 1988 -- conforming."
"Haha, that'd be me right now. Ha."
"Happy Friday !!!"
"ART Station | “2012 Children&#39;s Summer Performance Series”"
"Spring is around the corner. Get smoother, glowing skintastic skin with our customized Dermaroller or Dot laser. Experience the difference."
"Heavens, who turned all the bright lights on?!!!"
"Shen Te impressive...terrific numbers...set recalls cubist painter Braque - SD Reader. The Good Person of Szechwen through May 3"
"lol i was waiting for your reply ! i knew you'd be all up on this tweet"
"Collins is a Packer HoF'er, right?"
"Yes ma'am and thank you I forgot to give u a happy bday how was it? “: I love your avi !!! Did u get a new do?!”"
"anything I can do I'm here to help! Good Luck!!"
"Thanks for the #FF, !"
"Curtis Martin is not a hall of famer..."
"In less than an hour, I am leaving to see ! FINALLY!"
"I want a Panini"
"no sir, it's not."
"WHAT THE FUCK!!!!"
"I'M GONNA LIVE MAH LIIIIFEEE, NO MATTER WHAT, WE PARTY TONIIIIIGHTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i feel you. just hit my phone if youre trying to link up.you maybe trying to go to a sports bar tonight for the lakers game?"
"Who's ready for our giveaway? Stay tuned, we will be giving away a Family Four pack within the hour"
"lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol"
"the time when you typed something up but then didnt end up sending it"
"HA. its okay karo your just indenile at the moment evvverrry guy wants to be Alex"
"A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it. (via )"
"Tomorrow is FIRST FRIDAY!"
"RT if you love victoria justice"
"TNX! RT : Cooler than polar bear toe nails:"
"WE ASSEMBLY IKEA FURNITURE IN LESS THAN 3 HOURS. NO MATTER WHAT YOU. Bedroom & Living room, furniture"
"#secretobsession MY BOYFRIEND ah :)"
"Ace Ventura Pet Detective is on"
"9-12 months? I advertise in the neighborhood newsletter. (cheaply)"
"\": Corn-flakes were created as an anti-masturbation cereal.\" What does that even mean?? What is a pro-masterbation cereal?"
"Yes, but they don't show them on TV #sharktank Hard to track success of failures, that would b a great blog."
"3rd run did score."
"Please disregard that last tweet, wasn't me that posted it"
"Deep in the cell of my heart, I will feel so glad to go"
"I don't think that's legal."
"It's been a long week. Feeling punchy. And ready for some Hunger Games with my boy and my friends."
"Watching Barney with the kids and is on it lol she looks so young n cute"
"The awkward moment when one of your friends says Justin is ugly so you show them your sexiest pic of him and they know it's cute but deny it"
"Feeling pretty good right now."
"Just ate at John besh's Luke in San Antonio. Yum! Frites were good but the hanger steak was best on the table!"
"#WeDontLikeYou tee time bitches"
"If a singer's song can make you cry, it definitely means he/she feels how you are feeling."
"the day Ariana, Before you exit & Action item replied/retweeted you"
"What a great day with amazing people. Now if i could just fall asleep."
"I've been watchin nsn non stop since yesterday now I gotta hang sum posters ;)"
"I recently read The Fall of Giants by Ken Follett which is sort of the same time period right before WWI. Interesting time."
"Looking for a good time tonight? Disco San Andreas is guest teaching at 8pm!"
"Woot! RT I'm happy to announce that the has declared April 16, 2012 Day!"
"I love your icon on Twitter account with !"
"San Diego. We are going out for andys bros graduation from the marines and to see some of my family in palm springs"
"Listen Friday at 10am for a live interview with ScooterCabs co-founder Justin Sisley on 106.7 FM, \"Mind Your Business\" segment!!"
"I'd like to think that you're worth my time, but you embody everything that I hate."
"I'm about to get you a KD shirt then :)"
"You act like a snob and treat people like shit no wonder you're alone!"
"Watching South Beach Tow!"
"mr. dollar sign...!"
"I live so far north in the burbs that it takes FOREVER to get a taxi. I miss ease of getting a taxi in the city"
"Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit"
"In 2010, an estimated 785,000 Americans had a new coronary attack. -CDC"
"I'm going to walk the 12 blocks or so back to my car now & then make myself work out. I hope."
"The resume sounds good to me!"
"I love it. Can't wait to see pictures!"
"Thirsty Thursday anyone?"
"And then pee on them!!!!!"
"Do you cook with Olive Oil? Did you know that it becomes toxic at high heat? Switch to Coconut Oil or Grapeseed Oil as healthy alternatives."
"You're gonna hate me....we actually don't serve them anymore :-("
"Like our first-born??"
"starting a Kony 2012:Cover the night in Va Beach"
"Dont treat me like dem \"other niggas\" Or ima treat you like dem \"other Bitches\""
"I love this dam song"
"Baby dick, itty bitty baby dick."
"“: they have all become buttholes and players bc the nice thing didn't work for them haha” so true!!"
"they got so much drama over there I don't wanna cause any more. Feeling like shit now. Drink rum drink rum drink rum"
"Barack: \"I do got a dumb friend named Chedda Biden, who shoots himself in the foot every time he addresses the media.\""
"my goodness look at that view ."
"Guys Im Gonna Extend The Deadline For The Video Pictures Til Next Sunday Since People Havent Sent Them So U Guys Have Plenty Of Time! :) x"
"Mud bog at cadwells, 3 o clock :p cant wait gonna be fun"
"Ya you can sort of beat Jimmy Nielsen with that sh!t?"
"How is the game going now?"
"I feel that shit some riding music."
"deal. I already have a black pleather singlet in the closet :p"
"Did you know more than half of GSA contractors are small businesses?"
"Thx 4 the follow, looking forward to your twitts."
"yes. God, yes."
"Looked at the 'recommended people to follow' and was surprised to see the CAT of an ex. His CAT?"
"AH miss you to bebz<3"
"LOL Yes but it's only under a month away. It'll be worth the wait, amiga haha you know it will. Eh RAW could be better xD"
"who is in the us bitch"
"Thank you for respectfully silencing anti-gay heckler are Mayoral debate."
"I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 31:51 with Nike+ GPS."
"Facebook's timeline feature is now live, make sure to activate yours and enjoy the tour! What a neat application."
"July 3rd at les deux is cancelled and may be changing venues."
"Big Sis's kick ass, esp. when they got Gaga ticks! Love You lol"
"im now following, sorry i havnt been on twitter, but im back (;"
"im good hun how are you"
"\"Dancing heals us somewhere deep inside.\" True words."
"Thank you for the follow :D Could you actually follow this sweetheart? ...He's the reason I'm here right now <3"
"yes. Definitely."
"rough night ?"
"Jose Bautista, 9 HR in nine career games at Target Field..."
"For the past few mornings MPH has been trending. Why is that? It's hard to keep up, Tweeps."
"designing a pipe wrench favicon 16x16 is tiny"
"noni >> lol that is one funny & blunt person"
"Why da fuq are you always making things about yourself? its super annoying"
"Great to know- I will certainly pass you on to our mamas!"
"I am awesome."
"When I was on the train last weekend, it once smelled like pot and everyone looked at eachother and started laughing. It was perfect"
"PD Tips: Identify high-end users, showcase what other faculty members are doing to create excitement"
"I need to start eating with again. My swipe count is looking a little low."
"Not a madonna fan but for u haters about her age what can u do at 50 or less"
"I mean there's so many people, what's stopping you from doing something ridiculous?"
"I know, that's why I purposely wrote it in caps lmfao LOVE YOU 😘"
"Rev. Jesse Jackson on ed reform - \"It is a Race to the Top...for those who can run\""
"You're welcome! Happy to follow!"
"Judge (about ): Seems cool, but how do you keep this relevant in three years? \"maybe 4square will be a feature of happstr\""
"'Emergencies' have always been the pretext on which the safeguards of individual liberty have been eroded. ~ Frederick von Hayek"
"Can we help explain anything?"
"What an incredible weekend Ready for more!"
"So there's this guy... <3"
"-- looked so AMAZING on this morning!"
"Thank you for the kind endorsement!"
"Fear is the darkroom where negatives are developed."
"I don't think I'll be your somebody but at least for now I can pretend to be."
"what happens if u fell asleep with contacts on?"
"Empty inbox ACHIEVED. Finally."
"the best person ever I love him and always will support him he's amazing! I wish he would follow me !!(:"
"information overload was a complete success - some times the facts speak for themselves..."
"I want , & lips tatted on my wrist this.summer."
"tee hee! Join in!"
"needs Stevie, Hank, and Elin back"
"Tonight is PiYo with Lisa from 6:45-7:30 pm!! Come join us and have a blast working out! Check us out on twitter"
"Ooh, your brother sounds cute! I have to admit I have a think for beards. :)"
"i realize their name might be crazy, but their music is oh so good."
"I liked Aldi. None around here though."
"hey there producer extraordinaire, do you think you can the second ep up tonight?"
"I see. Maybe I'll download a trial version of Fireworks to play with. I don't have 15 yrs. to learn Photoshop or Illustrator!"
"are we doin this mañana or que"
"enjoy while you can. Soon your child will insist on the Proust Channel. No cartoons for you then!"
"And Friday is here I'm gonna make it Last forever"
"Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - Cherie Currie from The Runaways!"
"Thanks so much David...making the \"Drums Daily\" made my Day!"
"Merry Christmas"
"10 thousand hours makes me an expert"
"Are you for real?"
"Have a happy day!"
"I heard it was a packed house for the opening night Congrats! How did it feel?"
"www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies Go vote for us to play Warped Tour now!"
"M I'm delighted. I'm looking for creative ideas"
"Started the day by remembering I forgot to submit an assignment last night..."
"One year ago today we told our Moms they were going to be Grandmas in December. Now its my turn to celebrate Mothers Day!"
"I just heard from an office source that it recently moved to WEXFORD. Road trip. Its on."
"We're collecting Quiz Qs from kids & taking feedback/support Qs. We want submit to redirect to URL of last page viewed. Tips?"
"followed, RT my stuff please!!"
"elf me!"
"why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways?"
"Its Mango season!"
"Seriously this is so educational. I'm learning a lot."
"FOLLOW ME PLEASE :'("
"I might be more excited for 's birthday than she is."
"follow back - we are a community magazine covering Newark and surrounding areas"
"Something handmade? By you or someone on etsy...."
"Just had my interview at the for - so much fun. I'll let y'all know when it's up!"
"staff photo shoot day = hilarious. Can't wait to see the photos!"
"I won't sleep tonight until you follow me!;) PLEASE AUSTIN and I love your room!:)"
"Lmao My Momma Going To Be At The MB Concert Singing All The MB Songs 😂 & I'm A Record It All"
"Cummings will be on Saturday Morning with at 8:00 AM EST on the Secret Service Scandal. Tune in!"
"What am I writing about?"
"Learning how to speak speak the language of Sanskrit. It is such a beautiful and powerful language! :)"
"Hey #DodgerFam please follow us on instagram for game photos of your favorite photos. Thank you."
"#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Ask your coworkers if that tattoo/piercing hurt and stare at it"
"Is it because you get fooled/pranked a lot haha"
"What's everyone doing for NYE"
"Thanks for the follow."
"means u nasty"
"Hey Mermaids fans you should check out my book trailers on youtube.. just go to youtube and put Erin Sankey you'll see both"
"probably more than monthly tweet. Been exploring other aspects of life recently: reading, teaching, etc."
"El golf wang"
"i finally remembered my password!! took me long enough!"
"\"i'm gonna keep you not connected\""
"They're so good!"
"I seent it."
"lol damn. At least you're honest"
"text me and letme know how that experience went"
"I'm a dancer too so i'm soo excited to see the new dance!!!!!"
"There's a guy here wearing a Scuds jersey."
"thank you! Yeah you can call me around 5 today after classes."
"everything on my newsfeed is always like, \"about 2 get drunk wit ma bros\" \"high as shit\" congratulations, your life is so interesting."
"The #weather is beautiful in #Indiana today. I think I will go out scouting for subject matter."
"hacker screen is up, another laptop is open, coffee in hand and tunes in my earholes. THIS IS WHAT WORLD DOMINATION LOOKS LIKE."
"that's right! A shorter version though. Have to fit it into 30 min."
"Is Scala the programming language named after La Scala, the Italian opera house?"
"D3 extends good luck wishes today to cands: K.W., K.L., D.R. & M.H. Also, a sincere congrats to J.O. on an outstanding offer. One & done!"
"Just met An old school journalist with a new school skill set. Find her at #ACHJ12, talk to her, you'll hear why."
"Its nights like this that make me really worry about nursing school. Baby #2 is down but #1 isn't and I've still got dishes. Bah!"
"Now all I can think about is getting my bird!! Rescuing a Macaw from ParrotRescueNebraska, can't wait!"
"I had fun 2 day omfg y 2 day had to end-__-"
"We're compiling a book for the Sept. 11 anniversary. Proceeds go to charity. to \"What were you doing on Sept. 11?\""
"be careful mama you are gonna fall “: what?! What'd I do wrong?!”"
"- a fine 2B and reportedly a great dancer!"
"Hahahaha some things just never change at PHS"
"Dance around a magical couch. RT WWJD (what would Jamiroquai do?)"
"“: Some people would actually learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.. keep it real!!!”yes!"
"I ask for my #tea in a mug, & once again get a paper cup. This #eco shift to mugs as the \"new normal\" is slow! alas."
"The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing"
"give mama Schaeff my mucho amore today but tell her to try and keep the boys separated"
"good thing I wasn't there"
"thank you for the follow! Love your site! Keep in touch"
"Awesome win, crew! Even if t plush was out. :)"
"Saturday's out as I'm in Baltimore, but Sunday afternoon and evening are fine if you wanna meet then."
"Congratulations to Shivani and Josh! We hope you enjoy your wedding reception tomorrow night!! We'll be serving up \"The Finest\"!"
"ooh, no I missed that!!! Will check it out! :)"
"Not at the moment but I'll let you know when we are"
"Getting the feedback pipeline going between Ezra Daniels and myself on Upgrade Soul—exciting."
"Yeah baby. RT : \"Nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in American-made energy.\""
"Historical place in Buffalo...where I live -__-"
"Got Money"
"okay that's cool"
"First details emerge in sealed Shawnee murder case - Bonner Springs Chieftain"
"Great pic. Welcome to Washington!"
"Do you have soul ? Living in bliss ? Trying to scream threw all that the mist, just make sure that when you scream people realize you exists"
"Why is YottaaMonitor hitting our web server so often?"
"You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards"
"You and me both! Btw, had a question for you. Cool if I shoot an email your way in a bit?"
"Going to see Hunger Games tonight; wonder if it'll live up to the hype."
"Who will be our 5,000 \"like\"? Stay tuned!"
"Auditioning is like dating. You buy a special new outfit, give it your best shot, feel hopeful and elated when it goes well,"
"The move's a bit hectic but NZ will be a blast..."
"Life is full of adventures dont waist your time doing nothing. Explore it while you still young. (:"
"I loved Cross my Heart. Do you follow your fans?"
"Man o man, I'm running outta food trivia ova here!"
"Next Friday - NOIR Fridays at Victor Hotel with DJ TIMBUCK2 and your host Guest list only - no cover all night!"
"chayna put that work in... And history will be made"
"Today in summary: absolutely terrifying!!!"
"So cute!"
"Yes indeed. :) It's only disturbing when it's during \"Singing Down in Dixie\", though."
"Hey, im a new teen youtube singer. That would b awesome if u could go check out my channel andhelp me get to Thank u"
"Hecks yes “: How about that homer from Cabrera? #Tigers”"
"I'm Just inviting everyone to my house tomorrow"
"Planning my #newyork trip with my bff!!! ah!!"
"So, #OLA media is having an internal debate over how they can best individually profit from selling riot porn? And most are in favor?"
"don't worry you & can come up every weekend to stay with me!"
"Oof. Goodness. Getting older has some benefits."
"is deep in thought!"
"Why must people invade other peoples privacy when they can't even respect their own?"
"At Great HP event with inspiring to be with ppl trying to do so much good. read her book Giving2.0"
"Power nap, back in the studio Yeah! Later."
"hey it's my pleasure, you're putting out top quality content!"
"“: Thanks for following djPilot.com and itzT-shirtTime.com"
":) RT. What u think about is wht u become! Thnk positive!"
"Stay N yo Lane... Stay n yo muthafuckin Lane"
"Joe Pa is dead. R.I.P. Joe Pa."
"Rick Scott just appointed a 1% banker to the County Commission. Another out of touch move by an out of touch governor."
"Limping around on my gimpy ankle today. Found my compression wrap, which helps considerably. Philly sidewalks can be hazardous!"
"is wondering why Quilted Northern women need to come clean in their quest for toilet paper to act like a bidet."
"hope nobody was surprised to see Starbucks on top. That's a brand that consistently gets it right."
"Never Forget, Pray, Remember 11 million killed in the Holocaust & the millions killed in WWII. #Yom HaShoah #Holocaust Remembrance Day"
"Thanks, ladies! You rock!"
"In the car on our way to playlist live jammin to EP!!!!!!! :D"
"and Mon Sept 26th early show with virtuoso mandolinist snehasish & s.o.m. 7pm, free"
"really thats cool, ron dont know yet!"
"I speak the truth , but I guess that's a foreign language to yall .."
"Definitely! Let me know when you're in town! I'll be in Vegas a couple days in January."
"Charles F. Kettering: Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future."
"Thank you for being a father I never had. Your a great example of a black men!"
"that awkward moment when you're walking around in heels and you're as tall as your dad."
"thanks man! appreciate the compliment."
"Since mitt romney has amassed so much wealth, you would think he could buy a heart & soul & make himself SEEM more authentic."
"We'll miss you."
"it's all good, soon we'll be reunited while exchanging laptops..."
"Gold is gaining - look at GLD I got in $89 - it is now $119 will hit $200 not too late to make some money. Cheaper gold play is NG $6.64"
"Rain, rain go away."
"#petpeev people who are never on time"
"CNI: David S.H. Rosenthal, plenary titled How Are We Ensuring the Longevity of Digital Documents?"
"I will attend the Mobile Track at Computers in Libraries #CIL11 3/23/11 to learn about big trends in mobile tech"
"To be in DC and stuck inside a hotel...well, it just sucks, basically!"
"Slow first half."
"Aww man, I'm in the AK until next Monday morning, the 14th! #boosauce We'll chill in Btown in September, though."
"yep. That's the one."
"Just received a political robo call that said it understood if I was \"flustrated\" with current system. I don't think it understands at all."
"that's one of the stupidest, and shittiest things I've ever seen you tweet... Bad energy, watch out"
"I love you too !"
"Garcia is a truly professional pitcher. He comes in with a plan. He knows what hes doing"
"That's what confuses me. I only bought one container."
"Reason 1: I have the leadership, qualifications and vision to move Alpha to the next level of excellence and service."
"Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!"
"Fucc its raining"
"This week we made Banana Nut Bread. Was a great breakfast. Next week I think we will try some Sour Dough..."
"Today! Danky Fellowship Lecture, 12-1, SLIS Commons. Josh Mound, Univ of MI, talks about using WHS collections for his dissertation research"
"My TL Is blowing up"
"Have you given much thought to what kind of job you want after you retire?"
"I finished the first season of #Lost. Oh. My. Shiz."
"happy Easter bro enjoy your day. Still training, I may out there April 21st. I will let you know when I figure everything out."
"Bout to chillax wit my WIFEY gudnite folks"
"Nice guys finish last and bring you breakfast in bed!"
"#nsnreview Loved that the voice coach had such a big role in the movie! She really took care of and his voice! Well done!"
"Yup ! \": Staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation\""
"you still following me? :)"
"Finally done!"
"Yeah, will the piece lose relevancy by 2014? Based on the topic, seems like it would..."
"im currently dealing with it and taking it day by day...like a real man :-)"
"True! Unless u already knew 'em...it would be fun to meet everyone, creates a friendly environment :-)"
"RT : has taken over this feed again.....Bulls win!!!"
"If I can smell u outside on a windy night...u missed more than 'a' shower!"
"Hi there __mariajuanna"
"must focus"
"... so SHPanda PedoBear's somewhat more respectable cousin?"
"this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus"
"She should not be able to capitalize in any way during this time"
"And the GG Bridge SWATHED in fog is the ultimate photograph."
"Uwm bus stop quote of the day, \"I'm gonna pimp yo' bankruptcy out, you know what I'm sayin?\""
"Lightss Down Low , Time 2 Get Naughty , ;))"
"YOU ARE WELCOME. HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY BEST FRIEND. Promise I'll sing it once my voice is back <333 buon compleano a te !!!! <333"
"6 miles and some lifting"
"Thanks for the RT; there's still a few more essays to come."
"I never had one. It held a promise of opportunity that didn't get fulfilled. Just like a poor mistress. :P"
"yeah that was my reaction too!! Soon followed by a happy dance lol :)"
"[Ephesians3:20] FatherGod is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think according to the HolySpirit Power at work in us."
"no surprise all my mid-career friends are discussing the emptiness they feel from not \"making\""
"are u on MM? i don't do much tfp honestly"
"I need your name and phone number in order to put you on my schedule for tomorrow at 2. Please reply via tweet or phone."
"Beating up people at a show doesn't make you cool. Get out of here."
"Huh ... I already live out there ."
"1st love and only love..."
"I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe"
"Thanks girl, I hope nothing kills me!"
"Rain Rain Go Away"
"North Star Tuesday Night at 8pm.!"
"We can always ask! And I guess the long-term usefulness of smartphones > that of many textbooks."
"Ha I saw u walking on Braun:]"
"i wish i had a damn link card smh"
"Thank you Rosa Parks for taking a stand by sitting down; 55 yrs. today. I plan to honor this by stopping by the bus in"
"i just might:) how many do you need?"
"This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!"
"dropping by to say hi. Long time fan who had you sign an autograph at the beginning. you said \"I hate the Rachel.\" lol"
"thankyouu! Much love u showin<3 you been my home girl since da day I met u!(:"
"I'm going with shedding."
"If you don't love me at my worst, hopefully you'll still blow me at my best."
"you have our admiration and respect but at what point in the 80 miles does the run become fun? ;)"
"Jeb Bush to enter GOP primary, strong contender."
"this is why I want to go and live in the woods with many animals. But not really"
"you just gotta shut them out today and you got a shot"
"going to be in vegas tonight 9pm......whats up?"
"#Ifihadadragon I would kill the Dragonborn"
"Cowboys looked pretty good tonight."
"Do you know of any good #sushi puns? Go ahead, maki my day."
"Don't take things handed to you by strangers in airports! :-)"
"Interested, but not sure I am in good enough shape not to die."
"I promise we'll keep the scary animals away."
"If 1D are gonna be in Seattle, and I get to go and you are a Directioner there well then I MUST MEET YOU!"
"Dogs chase bones. Men want curves."
"Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska. If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?"
"Just finished first programming class. Holy testosterone batman!"
"Its actually not as busy as I thought. People must be into shopping early."
"Hopefully at the end of pneumonia and an ear infection that's rendered me nearly deaf in my right ear. Not hearing everything ain't all bad!"
"Crazy Hair Day this week has unfortunately been cancelled."
"The best thing to do is join our community (free) and star networking with actors/producers etc.."
"mentioned a \"Falling Slowly\" duet with Eddie Vedder. I went searching for video immediately. It's as good as I imagined."
"Thanks for the RT!"
"i love JB"
"Sat 9/3 Mark Towns \"\" Solo #Guitar at Kings Harbor, #Kingwood, TX 7pm - 9pm #Latin &"
"dub step is just a trend right now it'll be gone in a couple of years"
"the only earbuds I've found to stay in my ears are those made by Shure. I have the SE115."
"How'd that shit go ?"
"it's nutritious, it's just not posted"
"Wanna go to the drake concert real bad."
"Wha? Say it ain't so!"
"“: I'd rather sacrafice my courage in an attempt to prove its worth than be denied the chance to prove its existence at all.\""
"Failure doesn't mean you didn't meet your goals, it means you quit."
"Not a fan of naming kids after white presidents, shitty MPS schools or city's in Wisconsin."
"Now we're creeping up on 200..."
"OH at RN74, regarding a very drunk lady in a very hideous skirt: 'It was definitely velvet. I felt it when she elbowed me with her ass.'"
"Honestly, I would like the deal more if Ellis opted out. Still a shit trade though."
"Girls that wear Victoria's secret >>>>>"
"W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this game should be a statement game for Eli manning with all the criticism"
"3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before #Bears pick."
"Whew. The cute kid managed to get onto the car in time. Would've been tragic to see him not make it."
"I had a wonderful morning and I look forward to a great afternoon"
"I've heard that. Great professors always make learning fun."
"I know you're used to getting up bright & early... so do you want to join us this Saturday at 5 am for Muscle for the Cure? :)"
"Pouria! How are you!"
"but i did change my url"
"What a great video! Might use those concepts to revamp the lesson plans for science... and leadership. Thanks for posting!"
"I expected Ned Land to greet this news with unfeigned satisfaction"
"2 baby bumps in 1 English class!!!!"
"but I was still doing my good deed for the day..o:"
"NOT LIKE THATS A BAD THING. I LOVE LOU"
"Barrera: Also integrating career education -- practical real world skills all our kids need"
"No bunnies but.fresh ricotta....thanks to you! Yum! :)"
"we're doing dinner"
"Hearing about us on LA Observed on right now! How cool is that?! (some of us may be huge KCRW nerds...)"
"That shit need to come on ."
"Oh, yeah. Don't know how I could have missed that one."
"Stay tuned tomorrow night for some exciting mobile open source announcements! #iphonedevla #androiddevla (via )"
"Discover Indie fashion for all over the world: www.store.ustrendy.com"
"We're famous! RT : PERFECT GAME ALERT: RHP Philip Humber has not allowed a baserunner through 5 innings against the"
"Just found out that a raisin is a dried grape."
"RT ARTweet: \"If we go for the easy way, then we never change.\" -Marina Abramović (via )"
"just to say you've been but The other joints we went to had some bad ones lol. One got me for at least $175 lol YOLO"
"Good morning! Yeah Brewers! Beast mode!!"
"It's crazy how much people learn about their selves hourly. I know it's all true too because they put it on Facebook #whatsfacebookforagain?"
"Thanks to all of my long time and new followers! Trying my best to respond and follow every1 back looks like theres follow limit though! =("
"Lopez: At hospital, \"we were told that...the injuries she sustained were not compatible with life.\" Taken to ICU to monitor, say goodbye,"
"So, anybody watching the second game?"
"about me..?"
"reading about Knowledge Organization Systems... brains are draining out my ears. Anybody have an interesting research area in Digital Libs?"
"This is not letting me consentrate in school /:"
"in till 6 but I have someone who can help her if not i am in on Friday"
"I had to get a key to use the library's toilet. Not sure what I liked more: having a bathroom to myself of that the key matched my clothes."
"Thunder and lightening storms are my favorite."
"The incident makes for a fun story. Although going through it was sub-optimal."
"most BlackFolkz have been brain washed into thinking we shud stop tha procreation our race while tha devil laughz at them all"
"Just had wings at American Deli w/ Noah while discussing conservative Christians delusion in thinking they're a persecuted minority."
"When you don't have students best interests at heart, you need to get out of the field of education ASAP!"
"YES! RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery & Juice Bar is NOW OPEN! Offering vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free options."
"No strike out Alex"
"me too. Let's meet sometime soon!"
"teach me how to make some please"
"did you get todays update? 5.1.1 is supposed to be more stable"
"Too many look up and admire the stars. A champion climbs a mountain and grabs one!!!"
"I just don't want to offend anyone. We've discussed this haha."
"Sitting with Bobbie Kilberg, president of , at Consumer Electronics Association \"Digital Patriots\" Awards Dinner at Newseum."
"Thanks for the RTs and mentions-have a great week!"
"My guess is the fact that this thing is about to cause him to miss time will be enough of a lesson. Kid loves to play."
"Okay! I know I said I was going 2 bed but, Ugh! ... It's hard when you're a insomniac :-("
"We love to hear that!"
"lol I don't have wisdom teeth anymore they yanked all four out"
"Phew. Lot of writing crammed into such a tiny time window."
"Reading your twitter feed always makes me want a vacation! Where are we going?"
"THANK GOD!!!!!!!!! IT's OVER! #Arsenal (never been so happy to finish 3rd.)"
"#WhyDoiAlways give in to almost everything?"
"AHH! That scared me. holy crap."
"LOL, so my video of me being Zayn has 20 comments saying im fat and ugly and that I'm going to burn for talking about muslims"
"ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around"
"Just got a random text announcing the birth of a daughter. I have no idea who it was from. If it was you, congratulations!"
"cool vids dude."
"yeah, everything is on it's way to being better - massive heart attack, emergency bypasses, last rites... nothing too big."
"lol ijs b nice either way don't wish or hope bad stuff u blunt just like me tho lmao"
"\"A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones.\" Proverbs 14:30"
"Anyone want to buy 2 Avett Brothers tickets from me for next Saturday night at Jacobs Pavilion?"
"That is so true. Thank you I needed that this morning."
"Ok, I'm up already, so there!"
"#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt dress in clothing befitting a formal function of state of the human variety."
"The regular show C:"
"I'm on it!"
"Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 4-0. Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up."
"omg imma see which one he have and imma get back u 2mrw"
"a lot of new material! You can't write this shit......."
"Finished teaching my last class of the term. After lunch, the assessment begging."
"Isn't it funny how smooth stuff goes when you have a great plan and follow it. I need to plan better in all aspects of life. It just works!"
"haha were alive !"
"Mixed? I was just wondering if I should apply to intern there."
"Best way to print is to select the cues you want to print, copy, and then paste them in to a spreadsheet or text document."
"can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 254"
"23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #6: Goose Island Urban Wheat Ale 312 - Go #Cubs!"
"so twitter upgraded huh"
"Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life"
"hmphfff. Man of your word? I think not!"
"J. Lo's green sequin dresses FIERCE on #Americanidol tonight. Fierce! ❤"
"I hope you only wiped your hands with that!"
"why don't you notice me? Ya lil POOP"
"Our Information Session is today at 6:30 at the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation, 7401 Park Heights Avenue, 21208. Make a difference with us!"
"Schroeder hits a grounder to third. Presley scoops, throws, got him to end this game. Mariners win."
"great win by the giants mate. Now the doldrums of a sport-less February!"
"There are five keys to social justice in any person's life. And these are not political. Everybody has them."
"\"like two skinny fries chasing ketchup\" first time I ever heard that. LMAO."
". has stepped up their game. Luv the quick charge/ship from the store & bonus points. I've done it 5 times this wk. Fast Delivery."
"Fear is the reason we don't take action, and anger is why we get stuck. Remove the two, and watch how your dreams and goals come to you."
"any php developers feel like whipping up a basic CRUD app for a few extra bucks?"
"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 69"
"Have a great weekend my friends."
"So Raven Symone just came out of the closet. WTF!"
"thanks buddy. Will you be at the game today? My first MLS game outside KC."
"real men treat everyone right."
"In this production called life some are meant to be seen, some are meant to direct and most are going to watch."
"Thinkin about a girl."
"Project Empowerment has helped more than 2,000 people find jobs. This is outstanding work."
"watched Cabin Boy over the weekend w/ my 5yr old daughter, we were both thoroughly amused. You and Conan need to make a movie!"
"Its Slick Lame W/Out The Seniors"
"Friday the 13th? 2012? Sorry, I don't want to jinx anybody today..."
"Which classes are outside? I was thinking of a follow-up post since there really are so many around town! classinthecity"
"Check out Rewind.me app just released ahead of 4sq day! Awesome way to play with your history and benefit"
"We watching da game n he cum up here lickn us lol"
"No school. Quince Pictures:D"
"Applying for summer internships, submitting conference proposals, and peer-reviewing my pants off. Pls send coffee."
"yaaayyye... #switchedatbirth is returning. Can't wait."
"u r so right and I am not he don't know how I really feel and he is still my friend on facebook"
"i had to stop using nonsticks in my dad's house cos he did the same. now i'm all all-clad type."
"4. Reminders - remind users of important dates, appointments or forms that need to be filled out."
"Reason #93829 Why I Love IT- My coworker brought homemade baklava as a treat. There is no other field as diverse as Information Technology."
"Haha! Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?"
"Fish and just vibe in the sea catching tuna"
"Thanks Charlie!"
"\"We know that love is always shining, so save me love save me all the time.\" ::trevor hall::the lime tree::"
"I cant wait until you hate me..."
"interesting. I don't get why they keep making the same movies."
"Happy Mothers day too all mothers not just single mothers."
"Having a great #AORN12! Talked to hundreds of nurses on improving processes & storage in the OR. Last day today and ready for more!!"
"Yepp. Do you need the citation?"
"yes! #PT, #Yoga, and #Pilates should be given a shot."
"CHECK OUT ONE OF THE HOTTEST NEW SINGLE OF THE YEAR YOUTUBE: J NOTEZ RIDE WITH ME"
"Cheer practice.♥"
"Every day is a new day."
"let's make a Boston show happen. We'll sell that bitch out."
"Stars Are Blind is the shit."
"t* lol last tweet(;"
"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 73"
"lies, lies, lies!.-."
"your welcome"
"“: aww thank you! love the Hindi in your profile - wise words:)” Yes, have a great weekend & good luck on the ponies!"
"Clearly I have defeated you earthworm with my words -- imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists"
"Up early with a cup of coffee in my hand. Busy week will require a lot of focus"
"-thanks for the shine. ; )"
"Took all the beats off my website....hopefully it'll all be worth it"
"“: OH: \"my husband is a body drinker\". Strong. #MSSymposium” Great new term. We'll all be stealing that!"
"is so wonderful! He surprised me with the bluray from the concert we were at!"
"whats your url?"
"#PhilOchs Thanks, Neal!"
"i loved #redemption great job guys!!! xo"
"Thank you! Hope it's a great Friday!"
"I would've been especially disappointed if a flight to Bostonvia was canceled; it would be so hard to book in the first place."
"* Quietly removes self from soapbox."
"is a MANIAC!"
"Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power - Fox News"
"I just finished a 4.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS."
"im trying to change but i see i havent.i tried surprising him today at school and it didnt go how i expected, well i tried"
"Tonight's intermission food topic: Beef and Broccoli or Chicken Pad Thai?"
"#1OfMyFlaws I give my honest opinion no matter the situation"
"Okay, we want to hear it: what is your favorite type of cheese on a burger? (Or in our case, INSIDE a burger)."
"same! Lol my friend asked me if I could get them to follow her cause Eric and Al follow me so does Frankie Grande"
"I agree! I never want to do that!! I love basketball too much to stop it. The game must go on."
"Question of the day: What is your favorite cartoon character?"
"Concerts. That's All I Really Wanna Do."
"haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!"
"Watching bby boy..."
"Making the right decision sometimes maybe difficult, but think about the consequences of your actions before pursuing that decision."
"Thanks, Olivier! Glad you enjoyed the study. Hope all's well at Le Pan Quotidien."
"aww thanks! I feel like I haven't talked to you in awhile! Since London!"
"why is my 18 yr old brother trying to convince me that he saw 3 UFOs this past weekend?"
"#CincoDeMayo Is such a gringo holiday. we dont even celebrate it hahah"
"One of those stupid futile days when so tempted to turn in resignation letter unless more staff allocated to IT..."
"oh well.....he is a clown!"
"Not really, which is just what I need!!! Have a great weekend!!!"
"im so sorry for what is happening to bella God has a plan for everyone she will be cured"
"To report flooding in your neighborhood, call the Storm Water Hotline at 619-235-1000."
"Happy birthday to the best pg in the state of NY"
"Time to take my lil lady to the movies #TheLorax it is!"
"I want to get married ... one day"
"Watch David on Fox 5 Lead story about faulty DC breathalyzer machines"
"Chick-Fil-A 2 classic Chicken Sandwiches, 1 fry, and a lemondade"
"Never trust a girl who calls you by her ex's first name!"
"no it is not fun. I feel like I have a hangover but no fun getting it. :)"
"that's what I'm saying it's not all bad"
"I agree completely"
"hum...are you taking classes? might be able to get a student discount. my bro's at u of m--something to think on..."
"Who woulda thought the Chiefs/Chargers game would be the best MNF matchup tonight? Down to the wire..."
"Good morning everyone!"
"Finished my first Race For The Cure 5K in 37 minutes! So proud of mom beating cancer and finishing it as well! :)"
"30 pages into The Hunger Games, I know what I'm doing for the rest of the weekend."
"Hope everyone has a great weekend!"
"Team adam coming up next."
"thanks so much for the follow!"
"I think I pissed everyone off today..."
"We have a friend whose husband is beating her what should we do? Madea before or after his funeral!?"
"Best part of this would be the ice cream."
"IT'S FIVE IN THE MORNING WHAT AM I DOING WITH MYSELF"
"your blitzkrieg just never schnapps"
"how do you not sleep for 48 hours!"
"Some decades ago I was given a life to live. No preview or choices. No exchange or return. No practice or complaints. My one and only..."
"it means I bought something and now feel guilty and want to eat every minute."
"Tickle me Happy Friday TweetHearts!"
"You can't even get the clues together."
"lol. Know the feeling. Well put."
"thought you would like it. :)"
"visit our webstore or contact us at and get one of our last 8 pairs!"
"Aside from the necessities, the one comfort item I won't travel without is __________."
"Haha! For those who are friends with my on Facebook, please keep in mind that Nate doesn't hold back."
"thats what i need"
"your tweets are protected, so I can't see what you say :("
"shout to for da follow"
"They have awesome coffee!"
"Miguel Sano hit 10th home run of the season tonight. Might want to head 2 Pohlman Field B4 Sano moves up!"
"It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off."
"“: Hey mom?” “WHAT!?” “Nevermind you`re not in a good mood.\"”"
"sfjazz collective's first gig is here at portland jazz fest tomorrow. rehearsal today was EXCITING! working on stevie wonder material."
"Thanks to KEXP's Sonic Reducer show for spinning my solo record. I bet their phones were ringing off the hook."
"i should show this to friends who think im crazy about"
"jacobo como esta Argentina oh el hostel son economicos no? ?/"
"#Patriots & #Giants fans, we still have #rooms available from Jan 27-Feb 1 if you're coming to Indy early."
"make that 5 so far, I'm game!"
"good luck in LA Shabazz!"
"“I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.” Phyllis Diller"
"Getting married in Boston? See this beautiful weddings photographed by"
"buying Carlo Rossi on the way home....."
"I need to find something to do 4th of July :/"
"1 word: Epic!"
"oh, sexy!"
"Aw. Jealous! But can't wait for the next two weekends :)"
"damn that's serious lol.. I haven't seen him up there ever since though."
"I'm about to be like this right now."
"This week I'm goin to DM the info and what it be about."
"You mean that people really WERE NOT saying bad things about me?!? I'm certain that they were about you eFive!"
"Always share the credit, take the blame"
"he's so nice! I hope you get to meet him soon! And thank you so much! Next time you come out for Jake, I can go! Haha"
"She still can't wrestle to save her life, tho... Um I meant <3!!"
"Grades dropped when Laramie implemented their online proctoring process/system."
"Morning! Woke up and found out that France will be having a new president on May 15th, who's socialist.. Interesting.."
"Writer's block... *gulp*"
"Welcome to Baltimore! Grand Prix fans and crews. Thanks for coming to our city. www.mytservice.com. Improving Taxi Quality"
"#YouGetPointsIf you love God more than anything."
"NICE! let me know how it is."
"when movies set expectations like that and meet them, the future bar is set way high."
"meant to say g+t=din if you nibble on the lime to get a taste of pulp. Din needs solid martini w/ olive = meal for example."
"it's cuz I love you!"
"#TeamCharon “: If i had a chainsaw, i woulda cut that crown in half.. is my SUPERSTAR! #realwhereitcounts”"
"Hey Ry, I'm gonna be in LA on the 19th for a week. It would be awesome to meet up!"
"Thanks Partner at Structural Engineering Group, exciting year ahead!"
"I'm still laughing at the design and color scheme. Signs are usually similar (only so many combos) but his...well..."
"Let us know how Ananda LA can serve you."
"Sweet Dreams"
"Tweet BostonOnTheRun what you are doing today!!"
"Yes! More of our mystery garden. We bought the house in winter, now we're watching all the mystery bulbs and bushes bloom..."
"#nightofthehunter on wow!!!! This is so disturbing !!!!"
"yeah I'm here now"
"I meant with words. not actions."
"skip that class and hit that bong"
"Jennings need to stop early shooting. Let the offense drive and kick. It's worked the past 18+ games."
"unfortunately that's always a possibility..."
"hi jessica..gudluck on ur singing career..we filipinos are very proud of u:)"
"Thank you u r quite an amazing woman."
"MTV posted on their website about that casting but there was another email address so I re-sent my info to that one!"
"basketball in north carolina!"
"hii Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?"
"Funny how people like didn't make a big deal when President George Bush campaigned on the taxpayer's dime."
"Only would win concert tickets! lol"
"lol idk why you tried me"
"Bollywood singing time"
"somehow I'm wide awake this morning"
"Sad day for America RT : Absolutely sad day for North Carolina. Mega bummer."
"no its not lol"
"i need some new delivery salesmen. the folks i got now act like they don't wanna make money at 2-3 am."
"you're such a hottie, please follow me."
"\": I hate the radio\""
"are you sure you don't moonlight as a marketing genius ???"
"1st stage of follow widget bug fixed: those lost are reinstated (yey!). Those who followed since will appear soon. Apologies to all."
"What a day, aleady"
"Season's Tweetings: If you know one professional Santa, you’re bohemian, arty, and avant garde. If you know two, you’re a freak."
"smh then give me better ones"
"naw its today"
"Awesome job by of spreading rumors of a Rose injury. Great journalism."
"Always good to see my bro"
"Keep up the Great work Mary Peveto!"
"I know, hehe."
"I don't think you realize, I was dying inside....."
"Do we have it? I didn't get a text."
"Just finished watching the season premier of #JerseyShore and makes my life feel sane."
"Well, it finally happened. I finished every Felicity season. Now I can have my life back"
"Doing mad statistics"
"we actually are looking into it! Maybe we need to do a test run and ship you some! ;-) which is your favorite?"
"I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine. ~ Barry Goldwater"
"Damn..I got my hours cut today. Now what to do??"
"my shoulders are burnt so bad :("
"Why do really square white people in their thirties think that using the word \"peeps\" make them cool?"
"Done with class for the semester, grinding out for finals the next couple of days and home in a week."
"Office space hoes"
"Hilarious listening to Dirk Nowitzki getting excited on the sidelines as a guest on the Mavs' broadcast."
"just downloaded like 20 new songs<3"
"+ Vigil and Volition~"
"Put down the crack pipe that is Portal 2. DOWN."
"Trade has \"branded\" it the \"official retirement\" home; a lie; it has only ever had 1 NYC carriage horse, we'll see."
"The average age of Facebook users is 55-65!!"
"All of the pollen in the universe is in my nose right now..."
"wow, that's fantastic news in a year when everything else seems to be going wrong! Congratulations."
"OMG THAT PLACE SOUNDS SO GAY"
"Delmon Young and Mel Gibson need to star in a comedy about two drunk guys stranded in Tel Aviv or Skokie."
"rock on."
"I have this insane craving for tacos all of a sudden."
"the stickers keep me going"
"Lazy Sunday afternoon with my favorite kiddos."
"haha just got home. figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :)"
"Great fun playing Commons today in NYC , but tragedy of the commons: that we can't revisit our photos. Next time!"
"yes it does :)"
"RT : RT : RT please please pray for my dad who is in hospital :( please dm me or just retweet this"
"Words make you think a thought. Music makes you feel a feeling. A song makes you feel a thought."
"I got no respect for random asses who follow me and then unfollow me. Oh you look cool? That's so cute cuz all of twitter hates you"
"CONGRATULATIONS!!! Good reason to miss"
"Humidity feels like I'm breathing in someone else's air..."
"The graduating class of 2012 was a memorable one im going to miss so many of you."
"Thanks and It's great to have fans! Off to a friend's holiday party, of course with brownies."
"Stay classy. : or better yet u can die back in ur anti American hole!!!"
"Katie Couric once drew a picture of me for which I paid her $1. And another $1 for her to kiss it. The picture, I mean."
"Thank you , for becoming our 200th follower <3"
"Can i just kill target..."
"Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not."
"So I called that number Sean Kingston posted and it went to voicemail but the voicemail was full. Lol."
"cool cool.. check out my boy Dwight Junior. @ www.youtube.com/watchdwight"
"Reporting on env increasingly \"hazardous duty pay\" -- focus of today's column I'll write for SEJournal. It's ugly out there."
"Pretty excited to head back home to Chicago (only for work, oh well...) tomorrow... and an IKEA trip obviously."
"Wow! Very nice."
"is it bad that when I was half asleep reading this I thought Gary was making a comeback and Os were interested"
"don't worry, he is working on yet another one for marketing technology."
"#teamprince b glad u r free many a.man who's not free to go most anywhere anytime free from the 1999 album love this song as I do all his"
"well thats not a good start"
"do you know how many tickets are being sold? I'm out of the country til Monday... Think I'm safe getting them then?"
"thanks for thinking of me. We should be in NYC by noon on the 17th. Let me know what you need help with."
"can you start tweeting more? It makes managing you so much easier."
"What is up w/nonexistent dating these days? U boyz want the prize w/o the feat of accomplishment...epic fail! #sigh, #boyssuck, #fail,"
"ha. ok hop on a plane."
"You need some clean protein like #Ahi and complex carbs #rice and rest! #followus #SanJose #eat healthy!"
"Tyson- that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love."
"\": Didn't Fewell yell that to when he deflected a pass to #Respect”\"BING CAN PLAY BIG"
"the song came on hahaha:P"
"app world was a PAIN to download, sign up and never let me download an app. no wonder people are abandoning blackberry 4 iphone"
"Yea Matt Weiters!"
"good game guys, dont let this get to you! we are still"
"Cleaning + Shakira = DANCING (burning fat) lol"
"Back in Vegas."
"FWIW the loss of Michael Pineda for the season potentially had very little impact on the #Yankees forecast."
"Real-time google analytics = awesomeness. Bye bye"
"joshua tree taught me the sumptuousness of silence."
"Better start buying more gold & silver!"
"Javier Colon now Jermaine Paul.... What the.. Where are the women"
"Some older people heard our music called us freaks and said they were surprised we don't have a hundred kids"
"Back at Atlanta"
"can't wait to kick ass on the softball field!"
"Hella glow sticks, coloring book and crayons. Perfume balloons and more all from you make my life! <3"
"editing walls with"
"Heading home for what's left of my weekend. I'm leaving you in the hands of my capable co-worker Peace Homies!!!"
"Wine Quote of The Day(grape your brain) Wine is the thinking person's health drink. ~Dr. Phillip Norrie"
"Another Happy Realtor.... Docs at Tile 10 days prior to closing!"
"spend work time finding resources, tools that make your institutions evolve"
"email me for more info."
"Thx very much!"
"Agreed. Instead we got, we won why are we talking about this? SMH RT : Should have been addressed sooner."
"#YouGetMayjorPointsIf You know where the kitchen is and know how to use it"
"yea you need to sleep calmer. Freak."
"Great event this morning with ! Thanks for joining us et al."
"How can you be a top 100 player of all-time and not be in the HOF? Let's make this right this year."
"RT : That gives me chills. She was in mid. school when she met Rebecca at my motherhood panel."
"What was your username before? Maybe i'll remember! aha"
"Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love."
"first thing that popped into my mind too.."
"I'm judging the PrideFest parade!! I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night.. Just sayin.."
"A plan without corresponding action equals failure. Some fake pride in what they could have been"
"We're sorry, we had them! We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:("
"Every bag of trash left behind costs FoLT $10 that we dont have. Please pack it out, darlin'"
"Just found out this AM that is off to China… Me? I'm going to SJ this weekend. Not cool."
"it's the truth in writing. I didn't say it, it's on the NCAA website"
"just put some awesome videos up on Youtube from Tipitina's Sunday Music Workshop featuring some very special young guests!"
"You look like a lose cannon to hahahahaha. You probably wild as a motherfucker"
"Linnton resident reminds us about the potential 4 a large earthquake. Asks that emergency mgmt be elevated in plan. Says watch 11th Hou"
"Taking a Look at the Philadelphia Eagles Revamped LB Corps - SB Nation"
"have completed self-evaluation and sent it on! I am triumphant! Now I just need to create next year's plan."
"Rise N Grind"
"oh my!! I wanna taste that rainbow!"
"HEY! YOU! WRITE A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER. Let me rephrase: YOU'RE WRITING A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER."
"Help us get to 1,000 followers so we can release some actual footage!"
"Support our friends: “: Come by the Menil Bookstore this Sat.9/25 for Museum District Day--check out new children's books.”"
"Here's a helpful fact - Granite is more resistant to bacterial contamination than any other solid surface, except stainless steel."
"If you have not checked out #TheFab5, you really need to see it! One of the best #ESPNFilms ever!"
"Nice one! I like the Joe-ish blur in the background."
"Yea-looking for you tube partners meaning those who have contracts and have revenue sharing based on views."
"It’s easy to make a buck. It’s a lot tougher to make a difference."
"When your 'Going Through' don't forget the most important part...You Are \"Going THROUGH' which means U will make it out in Due Time."
"Ed Rapuano should shower up and call it a night."
"NICE!!! Good call man"
"it's okay if you do. They're really cool guys!"
"still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up & go to school.."
"You have been found! Come out slowly with your hands in the air..."
"RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games! The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!"
"follow back? ;)"
"why Keith????"
"dude, i saw you last night."
"so this girl i was dating for 6 months she was amazing she was what i was looking for. Then i was dumb and told her i had"
"next time you are in richmond we will take you there bro, its a nice place"
"off for a little while . hopefully when i get back on i'll have more followers <3 love you"
"Where's the party?"
"Gahhh I just don't know what to do :("
"We hope you get to come visit us next year in Fort Worth for #txla13 - our 100th conference!"
"you're not shedding pounds by walking everywhere in the city?"
"screw what up?"
"New behavioral attribute I am looking for more in top-notch #eyecare #job applicants is Patience. Patience=Compliments=More New Patients."
"Not a fan of Bachmann, but when was the last time you put an outtake picture of a male politician on your cover? Just a question."
"woot woot Jenna. Happy new year to you and yours, Jenna! ♥ ♥ ♥"
"I frikkin love you too 😍"
"I'll take the lot!"
"M, dark chocolate snickers...yuuuuuummmmm!!!!"
"We don't really need to hear from Bud after every game."
"work and Money and avoiding these silly women lol let me ask you a question what is your ethnicity?"
"Why can't they understand the way we feel. They just can't trust what they can't explain"
"... As 4 the other comments these guys are 21-22.Who among us hasn't greatly matured since that age?"
"keep the tebowing coming"
"lol - ok i'll find something fun for us to do :) i owe you a call tomorrow anyway."
"Andrea is an outstanding, positive professional and special person. Congrats Andrea!"
"MEMORIAL DAY IS RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER! Get your graphic orders in by the 28th of May & receive 50% off a Pristine Empire Shirt or Hoodie"
"Times like these make me really love the family I've built in SF. Love all of you."
"I know what you mean when you gettin back to Conway"
"Sometimes I feel like I dance better when I'm wearing pointe shoes."
"Ew, don't even! -shakes head-"
"oh you will when I hold a knife to your head!"
"I have a serious question for all my twitter followers... New York Giants, or 'NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS(:'?"
"I guess my point is that *best* means nothing. If Grease 2 is a favorite film, then you'd make a case for why its \"the best.\""
"Luckily I was recording. Wow -- he was fantastic. And that jacket was spectacular too!"
"sorry Nate nothing compares to tootsie rolls"
"#ExpertVisibilityTip: Cross promote across your own platforms! Send your videos to your email list, tweet your blog posts, etc."
"Lol they're all so funny!(:"
"Will check it out. Thanks! Too bad no tweeps in room to share that with!"
"Phone glass replaced!! Looking brand new. Life is good. Happy birthday to me."
"#NASCAR fans - what is your favorite race track? Mine is"
"I feel it's important to go right into the Booth after the argument. voice"
"Coldstone and metro with holly :)"
"I think this LU tour guide is scaring the visitors away.."
"I assure you I will get back to you soon! :)"
"why is it so hard to get you to follow me?"
"Missing my baby boy."
"Still any chances any get leaked Twitter..."
"Ugggghhh, tell me about it. BTW-I have the 1972 hockey encyclopedia if anyone wants to borrow it <g>."
"I want my princeton . That's my xmas gift to me.\""
"We Are About To Through Up Some Tracks Done By JPryme!!"
"Everything is going to be different this year..."
"Our good friends The Trophy Fire play The Great American Music Hall with DREDG tonight. Love the new tracks, Ben...sounding great!"
"Its better to have stayed away if u've never seen it before. Bad projection= bad 1st viewing. Watch 's DVD instead"
"Ovid It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy"
"One of the advantages of having to work on a weekend in Alaska...being able to catch United live!!"
"#Niallisbeautiful We all love you man, keep your head up <3"
"About to meet with a potential client in Grand Prairie, TX. Wish me luck."
"A Relationship isnt Based On The Length Of Time u Have Spent Together but Based On The Foundation uve Built Together The GOOD BAD n the UGLY"
"So excited for today hope to see everyone there today it should be so much fun!"
"No clue. I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :)"
"Are there any Valentine's themed treats?"
"no problem ! It was done so good I like it ! How long did it take ?"
"But why? WHY?"
"Omg, icing my calves = the price of running minimal... Worth it?"
"that is so beautiful... I'm so jealous! Are you a master sailor now?"
"hey now that would be me :("
"Who is that no name guy that won the Grammy against Nicki Minsk n J.cole ? Who the fuck is that guy lol"
"I may have to go. Thanks"
"Cant wait for the love that \" APRO.PK \" will give in penny stocks this week"
"well just so you know Wayne is using you for the four days when most people vote..."
"You're very welcome. Glad to help. I could forward you a couple other emails from the weekend as well."
"being made fun of for the way i stand<<<"
"Apparently squirrels in my yard aren't that smart."
"Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti #lamayor lamayorforum"
"kick's off February 2morrow at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine w/ new items on their menu that u won't want to miss! (5:30-9pm)"
"Living in my memories, cause what I'm doing now just isn't relevant. I need a new action plan!"
"honey that's what I been waiting on but clearly you arent capable of doing that..."
"NYSP2I director Anahita Williamson is in Albany now! Would u like to arrange in-studio interview with her?"
"20 years ago today Jeffrey #Dahmer was arrested in Mke. Can't believe it has been that long. Thanks to Lady Di for reminding me."
"Come end your jazzfest with Groovesect tonight outside of Liuzza's By The Track, N Lopez Street, right outside of the Fairgrounds, 7pm!!!"
"#sschat Planning on trying a QR code scavenger hunt for a review activity...any tips from those who have used these in the classroom."
"I'm makin' to keep you by my side keep you from walkin' out the door..."
"#theinternqueen is about to take the stage!"
"do you wanna be in a facebook group for chicago beliebers? let me know and i can add you(:"
"kobe may be the player I have most hated in any sport."
"I wanted to ask is your podcast on iTunes? :-)"
"#edcampcincy. learning how to do twitter!"
"I’m pretty sure the whole “ladies first” thing was created by a guy that just wanted to check out a girl's ass."
"Just finished a session on Merge. Two cashes and one final table kk<AJ. Now chilling with"
"My first celebrity follower!!"
"When is your new mixtape coming out??"
"Omg I was just called a asshole, idk what do. Think ima go and cry....psh foh."
"Saturday night bitches!"
"wish I knew about this! I would have love to have gone!"
"Jets fans: \"The fish rots from the head down.\""
"Someone should play draw something with me!!!!! Username is Michael1394"
"Happy Easter!"
"MT : Congratulations are in order! Prof. 's won Best Documentary at the Bare Bones Film Festival!"
"Sophomores: Damn I hate this place. Fuck school. Fuck teachers. Fuck everyone this isn't fun anymore."
"First show of the year tonight at The Paseo Underground! Who's going to be there!? 18/$10, 21+/$5 Doors at 9!"
"AUSTIN IS NOT A JUSTIN WANNABE!!!!! HE LOOKS UP TO HIM."
"Plan for today: 1. Get up 2. Be amazing 3. Go back to bed"
"RT : Comfort food is a myth. Once when I felt blue, I sat in a pot of mashed potatoes. Didn't cheer me up at all."
"my swag is;)"
"Call Me Fool !"
"enjoy our music :)"
"We had a great time at #Chilibrew in hampden last weekend. Looking forward to summer fun, food, an baltimore night life this summer."
"My book club just did the 1st book. We all thought it was good but not always well written. I think your work is much better!"
"My boredom at the moment is overwhelming :P aha"
"Ughh snow! Dx Go away and plz dont come back till im dead!!!!"
"Hey!! Met u tonight at PWU. That was fun!!"
"At your house! ;)"
"would love 2 have some of the functionality of the android app on the web platform. e.g. titling bookmarks, etc"
"it is you cant do none bt post piccz boring :-)"
"oh my dear lord. So cute."
"Hoes were jealous, but wouldn't admit it. Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it."
"Thanks a million!! :)"
"#ICantDateYou I have an expensive taste in cigars!!!"
"I'm looking for more people to follow me that love the Green Bay Packers and love weather along with storm chasing! Plz suggest me to others"
"Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?"
"February 1st....all have a nice month!!!!"
"What r #thoseladies up 2? This ladie is with her momma Yay!"
"In the meantime, we'll have to eat maximum NY pizza while we still can!"
"Come with me, hail mary."
"no car needed \"The KC Strip Trolley will provide FREE rides during on a Fest Loop from Dark Horse to Record Bar\""
"TRACY STILL! DAMN lol"
"Thank you, I will! But only after this kid gets a little coffee in her! Haha! :)"
"#np Dino Jr Several Shades of Why. Kinda different, I presume. RT downloaded '50 Shades of Grey' And"
"As I am planning my four days in California I am nearly breathless with how crazy my schedule is going to be! Phew!"
"“: Just thinking about highschool next year panics me to the point of not being able to sleep at ngiht.” It sucks.."
"where are you watching the game?Are you pumped?"
"NY will be missed, looking forward to breathing again outside the big bubble."
"what i do??"
"Are you going to the Q on Friday for Junior's Celebration of Life?"
"always had a soft spot for the early Ez of the teens & 20s, \"the Pound era.\" He was downhill all the way from there, alas x"
"listen children and you will hear...today's the anniversary of the midnight ride of Paul Revere!"
"GO MAVS. RT : I seriously couldn't care less about this darvish crap. It ain't baseball season yet. Chill out."
"either way, it's a good day for meatballs"
"Great Keynote!"
"thanks for having faith in me"
"#FF Follow Friday What Kind of Jobs are you looking for?"
"Just bought some new monitors for the studio Genelec 1031a's cannot wait to get the beatz jackin on these :-) !!!!"
"I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.❤"
"That's it. Im buying another motorcycle"
"Thanks for a lovely time at #geekswhodrink tonight: the dubstep TV theme song audio round was awesome..."
"So my lawyer told me the defendant left the country how do you do that."
"it's the new and improved hakunah MATATA"
"if there's this big party going on inside the barrel that you get to enjoy, that we don't see. like the movie Contact."
"Gonna walk over to Olivias dorm room and sing her to sleep haha.."
"You can use twitpic . com too!"
"that was an amazingly touching performance. He is bound to get an award for that someday soon."
"Kenny Rogers looks no different ???"
"Just passed a Peter Lik gallery.. Definitely stopping in there before I leave.. I could see his work a million times & never get sick of it"
"My friends turned on gay boyband music. I locked myself in bathroom screamed rock band songs until I literally started coughing up blood.:-("
"SWAMP COOLER TIP: Place a couple of fans about to circulate the cool air from the cooler. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!"
"LOL. u followed me at some point. sometimes twitter deletes follows."
"you mad now lol"
"please follow me, #14days i cant wait. #BOYFRIEND ♥"
"damn. Just read that and watched the videos. Guess I'm buying that!!"
"It is the first day of Spring! Isn't it time to Spring Forward in your life? Coach Terry"
"thanks! look for my other co-authored article in ITAL this month too :)"
"what did you have? I usually get the Tuscan Eggs. And their homemade donut holes are DREAMY!"
"I dont need a fucked up relationship to ruin me been living life wit my bros alec brandon dj josh and all my friends.! Fuck love"
"heck yes bailey. one of the best!"
"peace brother!!!"
"I'm only one person. I'm only human. What do the \"people\" really want from me? I get migraines daily tryna to figure the ways of \"people\""
"Stop on by and say hello at Interfolio's booth #43. You can also stop by to enter to win an iPad 2. #Winning!"
"welcome to twitter"
"We believe that Waco is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)"
"yeah, I usually like him too. But you're right. Antagonizing #BBN is how some of them make a living. We're just that powerful!"
"Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time."
"Pokerstars pros out in full force today in 8 game mix, now playing with nachobarebero"
"I wish bbc America actually catered to x pats searching for unbiased news from home..failed shows from home hurt the eyes. Now."
"Right, with the Roman Empire and their plans to take over the earth. Theme was spot on for your ‘world peace’ statement."
"hell yea most on fan tho"
"Its two cold out for this.! Glad I brouqht pants lol"
"I'm in the auditoreum Beyond Facebook & Twitter. Def. cookies, next! :)"
"you have some hair. I am jealous."
"Taking tips & advice for my July trip to #ChiangMai, must-do's and must-see's needed please! tiger park? elephant camp?"
"He sent me a winky face"
"I miss you too! College Alegbra is kicking my butt...think I failed my last test! AH! Let's! :D"
"Damn!! Cotto needs to catch him with one power shot to the right of his jaw...if this goes to the cards... Mayweather wins bet!"
"Late night work snack: TJ's Speculoos straight from the jar. To make up for that salad I had for dinner."
"very cool!"
"Hope everyone had a great THanksgiving!"
"Do men/women pick out their own wedding rings? Or is it a surprise (appearance of ring) on wedding?"
"jealous! Hope you and and you fans have a blast!"
"is your phone being weird?"
"Yeah! You guys are doing a good thing. We appreciate your customer service. Keep up the good work!"
"according to a certain caller uk should go ahead n retire Pete Maravich's jersey even though he didn't play for uk. thoughts?"
"Ole's story will run tonight at 550 and 950 on Fox7. Hope to see you both down the MMA road."
"Watching the only *pure* baseball left remaining ..and that's college baseball. Geaux Tigers!"
"lmao i promise i will !"
"Yours fucking bitch. Why do you talk to me like that?"
"It's 6 degrees outside with a wind chill factor of WTF?"
"do you have 3 tickets?"
"Can't wait! RT : We're excited to have you and have got some deliciousness waiting for everyone!"
"I love you <3"
"Home with my babie finally .. best feeling !"
"and I are getting married. <3 =)"
"Things Longer Than Kim's Marriage: Her hair, the prenup, C.J.'s Column about it, the drive to Hollywood from MPLS, Humphries's career...."
"With Scorpio it's impossible to answer without seeing the chart. Sorry. That's just the way it is right now :)"
"oooooohhhhhh what you do?!?!?!"
"Decaf?!?! Decaf!!?!?? That last bag of coffee in the cabinet is decaf?!?? I'm gonna have to.... (thud) Z..."
"It doesn't matter how old you are if you love that person you love them and nothing can change that. Age is nothing"
"Finished digging out the car, had second breakfast, reading Plato, when's nap-time?"
"OMG, that's fantastic! She needs a fetching leather cap & goggles...RT : Amelia of course!"
"Why Can't I Have Them!?! Selfish"
"D3 loses by a larger score. Both teams have a lot to build on."
"I want to watch That's my boy when it comes out(:"
"She's handicapping the handicapped. Why not address some of the substance, e.g., the class-war and extremism?"
"woo! See u soon! We're about to start booking SD shows ;D"
"sending a s/o back at you!!"
"I know. Nothing waiting on my friend to hmu Im bout to fall asleep waiting. :-/"
"love ♥ love ♥ love"
"don't start sumthin u can't finish"
"Plus if you don't participate nor vote, you don't have a voice. Sit the fuck down."
"She's living in Corpus. I'm from down there. Port A."
"its not wade, its about chemistry. Id start shane battier at the 2 & bring jason terry off the bench. They'd win a ring"
"Here's a special shoutout to everyone who supported our new collection so far! Thanks for all the orders this weekend"
"Am I the only one who notices that Mr. Peanut is a cannibal? Hm. M."
"Had a random dream about .. Creepy. But he's sexy;)"
"Then no football tomorrow"
"romper weather :)"
"best movie ever !"
"oh man. Awesome."
"#GetAustinToTheTop10 im so awesome(: joke. AUSTINS AWESOME(:"
"You're too kind! It was pretty darn good, to be honest! Intense flavor. I'd like to try the other flavors as well."
"we should go golfing! Like, I wanna do so much this spring break .____."
"#SquaredFact Lexii is 5'2 and a half she's short for a high schooler!"
"haha we need to stalk it too I guess. We tried to get it and it was good and gone."
"oh so welcome!"
"Dear John"
"Sometimes giving someone a second chance is like...giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time."
"He's so annoying."
"An extra bonus for the person who photoshops Hilary Rosen into Million Dollar Baby. (what can't she do!)"
"To all of you who think north koreans are \"mourning\"..get the fuck out from under the rock in which you live. They are scared and hated him."
"Troy Aikman calling Brady, \"Montana like drive\" so spot on!!!!"
"yeah he pounds on my dad!!"
"thanks for being a part of what we do to make #RVA a better place for all."
"We Haven't Talked in Forever"
"i love how it starts, \"get this,\""
"all have to grind sometimes."
"I can *assure* you, it is worth watching. It'll hook you. And I don't like 1) scary or 2) zombies."
"agreed. Have fun!"
"I've joined the iPhone club, finally. Love it. Much better than my failing Driod."
"Create a new account 🎀 Follow --> :)"
"i hope 2day be cool"
"Up can't.sleep....call me"
"Don't text me after 11 today."
":) ... ayye im gettin sleepy gurl... so just hit me up tomorrow.... goodnite love!!!!!!!!!!"
"Should probably start looking for a summer job..."
"Going up the steps with and she tripped and fell...laughed for about 5 mins..."
"Html and css dominate my life right now"
"Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs leading early in the 2nd half 40-24."
"Your LOUD smile's awesome, my friend!! So great to see you! =D"
"Not as easily as you'd think! Waiting on Google for a response to my Analytics feedback questions, and will write about that too"
"Geeking out tonite in the stacks prepping for a presentation to SXSWers interested in \"Infinite Jest and the Internet\""
"Another cute guy but Im looking all scrubby. Not in my elemt today bro."
"#GoTribe Cant wait for the NFL draft or the NBA playoffs !!!!!!!!! Go Tribe 7-2 on there road trip !!!!!"
"following you can you follow back?"
"That awkward little dance your thumbs do when you don’t know how to reply to someones text…"
"Stomach making weird gurgling noises.... why am I hungry?!? I had a big dinner!!"
"Reading details of our financial collapse in THE BIG SHORT - seems it always at the center, perpetrating outlandish fraud."
"BREAKING: Huge fire on Maple Ave in Seekonk. Large industrial complex turned into an inferno."
"Happy Friday!"
"Thank you so much ! :) LOL"
"yes mam :)) ima come to ur house when i get off and we can go from there"
"Sleeping is my drug..... my bed is my dealer..... and my alarm clock is the police... :p"
"creepy! I hope your AC ResLife experience with THE SHADOW came in handy ;-)"
"Lil'Wegi Just did a show I was Crazy Lol..."
"I wish you would."
"Victoria was beautiful!! Absolutely wonderful!"
"Is there anything that's closed that CANNOT be open? says it's just a matter of will and interest."
"It's gross but you have to wash them in tomato juice... We had to do it to my dog once."
"Life can be so stressful sometimes, it's important to remember what really matters: a cheap laugh at someone else's expense."
"thanks anna"
"“: working on that / Bk Lounge #Mixtape” ..it's about to be ridiculous..."
"RT : Roundtable with #AS Health Activists today! Tweet along #HAroundtable at 12p EST"
"Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize draw coming up in just 1 days."
"Hey just got to work?...where have you been???? The FIRST response to this debacle and you're an HOUR LATE."
"The devil is very clever... Knows right when to attack our minds. #staystrong! He hates to see us happy or being thankful to God"
"amazing cosmetics pressed mineral powder and maybeline one by one (coral tube) the colossal I heard has a strong scent"
"also get their own tweet because I also didn't forget them."
"We are sorry for any inconvenience. We will pass your comment along to our programmers. Thank you for your patience!"
"And it's only Monday "
"Totally normal. The new normal, that is..."
"Our bassist just made a twitter so follow him and the rest of us that have a twitter!"
"Bring in ten friends to sign up and get one year free!"
"Is that a rhetorical question? ;-)"
"Well stated RT : Appeal ofNFL bounty penalties will be test of CBA grievance lang. Very imp. Assume NFL is correct: PA renegotiating."
"haha ok *rolls eyes* text me.?"
"RT : Happy to pass #THATCamp Bay Area baton to & Planning begun for Fall 2011! Want to help?"
"Hey Lebron, you should take your talents to Hollywood. Your acting career would probably flourish better there"
"you're welcome! enjoy cc RT : Sweet potato #popchips are amazeballs!! Thanks for the vday treats"
"okay I'm officially amazed. Kids these days are so smart."
"what do you call a fish with no eye?"
"I suppose that is going to be the big question."
"watching burlesque <3"
": Way to spell happiness correctly."
"will definitely be taking advantage at my next O's game."
"I have to hold myself back from peppering messages liberally with :) -- but how else will they know I CARE!!!!1"
"If I sat in the stands, I'd wear my favorite color: red."
"the convenience of humanity / a lifeless body of thoughts remain on this ground tonight"
"wish I had been more productive this weekend; playing catch-up is no fun."
"ah roid rage! Sosa and McGuire! To jack asses"
"I am one."
"Ratchet girls from butzel embarrassing us in Tustin Michigan. :-O"
"we are loving your coverage on TBD! Keep up the good coverage."
"Your Weird O.O !"
"Can't stop playing draw something"
"Who's excited for the Grand Re-Opening and 1-Year Anniversary party tomorrow?! Food, prizes, classes, and competitions!"
"Book challenge policies are supposed to prevent knee-jerk reactions. Guess it offended \"community standards\"?"
"9) Ask yourself, “what am I pretending not to see?”. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #10 coming in 4 hours."
"Baseball starts today! I'm extremely excited. Who's going all the way this year?"
"VINNY or MIKEY !"
"Keith David! I miss seeing him in real shit"
"yeah he did. I hope we play Moore now just so works the kid that got his spot. Backbone tonight!"
"I still can't believe my brother who is in 6th grade is bigger than me.."
"TTG TRAIN TO GO"
"Also calls DeMaio \"city establishment\". No personal agenda here, just interesting perception non-SD pollsters have."
"I've almost said it to my students ... It IS a Smith thing (& you need that certain Smithie-type overachiever angst to work it)"
"SATURDAY Small Tempest, The Light Clear Conscience, Thin of the Meadow, Hills Like Hemingway $14"
"Oreo Ice Cream<3 ahh something to calm me down😄"
"yeah, i'm scared too"
"even small inst like +powerful than indiv ppl. \"carry a big stick!\" says ; \"some ppl don't even have sticks!\" is reply."
"The answer is NO."
"It was really fun! Great to see you! Hugs!!!"
"There's also TW Food, and Highland Kitchen -- the latter probly less quiet, though on a Monday who knows..."
"everyone is different, i fainted when i got mines done but everyone is different it didnt hurt tho its just the after effect"
"Colleges aren't available to better oneself in knowledge persay, but to drink up your money in hopes that you become a productive citizen"
"avoid DirectSpace Networks. shame on me for 1) lack of proper research and 2) being too poor to afford proper hosting. live and learn."
"thanks for following - we hope to have a home on Blip.tv one day soon."
"Miley Cyrus is in Miami!Maybe meet her?(:"
"& I hope you two school kids are studying for your exams :-)"
"Today I want you to vote for yourself with confidence cause God has elected you a winner already."
"Thanks, Gio! Appreciate it."
"Tuesday Jazz Jam at Stober's 10PM."
"People have the right to be stupid. Some people abuse that privilege."
"Anyone know of/have an opinion in Figment?"
"Merry Christmas Eve to all and to all a good night. I hope I don't offend the PC Police and end up in PC Jail tonight, Christmas Eve."
"LA bound for some much needed R&R!"
"Too cool! , CMO, speaking"
"Prom wasn't as special as I thought it would be.."
"I am a whole new kind of crazy today. Should be somewhat entertaining"
".: Don’t let your happiness depend on something you may lose. ~C.S. Lewis"
"3rd girl came up to me and told me to make a tumblr just now..."
"has EXACTLY 666 tweets at the moment! +10,000 points for that!"
"We also hate passive sentences!"
"That's what i like to hear! :D"
"GET. HASLEM. OUT."
"Still 10 toes down"
"I am wondering what the criteria is to be apart of One Million Moms. I have misdirected rage, too! Do fur babies count?"
"those muthafuckers! nah too far. this time it was easier cuz i knew the lady and my mom asked and she said yes"
"your work check-in sounds way cooler than almost everyone else's"
"#lis483 Reading Morgan Matson's Second Chance Summer and loving it! Author's second book - great recc for teen Dessen lovers!"
"I ate the whole nutella tub. That's diet approved right ?"
"Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a $25 gift certificate to Cool de Sac Restaurant !"
"I need help! Best running shoes under $200... GO!"
"rose & kabobs, loose women in wheelchairs - now that's a Friday night!"
"Today... Smile at someone you don't know! SMILES ARE CONTAGIOUS!!! :)))"
"Titanic best 3d movie ever:)"
"It was such a great week! Coffee soon :)"
"Does the Crew have a chance to sign Ramirez???"
"Thank you for all the follows!"
"maybe we'll start a trend."
"recalls the time Larry Nugent said when Liz Carroll plays, it sounds like there are three fiddlers in the room. \"It is her keeping time ..."
"yeah just keep trying. I still need Tyler, Sarah, and Andrew"
"Perfect!!!! Keep up the good work at the golf course!!!"
"Who's windows r U buying? 70% of companies sell 80% white windows. LEGACY 65% of r windows are nonwhite. Get the Perfect Window-Dont Settle!"
"Here you are ... Follow me back ..."
"haha I know, I saw! whatta qt ;) RT“: that was me and ”"
"Thanks for promclaming Arvday Sabonis Day in Portland and Commissioner Leonard for helping us celebrate!"
"The only reason I said they \"suck\" is because, well, they do...if you said that about the o's past 14 years I wouldn't argue it"
"\": Coaches who is going to in Vegas?\" Most of our staff will be up from Phx. Should be a good one!"
"There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way"
"whoa, ok so just jump over iPhone 5, 6, and every other phone to say that phone is instantly a iPhone 7, how do you ppl know? jeez"
"I hate when we have to play in OKC"
"Steak n Shake time with the cymbals <3"
"We just redid the logo. Our's is cool. Thanks for the suggestion."
"Yum Yum Yum: Strawberry Mint Ice Cream"
"TT faculty needed to solve a problem. They created a magical solution that saved money and took burdensome courses away: adjuncts!"
"Capt. Barron of the Chesapeake refuses to be boarded. The Leopard opens fire capturing her by surprise forcing Barron to surrender."
"I'm usually air drumming or guitaring in addition to said act."
"add e-40 too"
"Seeing intense, city-sanctioned police repression firsthand steered me away from reformist politics."
"Wednesday is a Happy Hour must! The rain may stop the patio from being open - but our drinks are still flowing!"
"if this game stays like this syracuse will pull out and win. Cuse wins close games."
"Now soldiers, march away and how thou pleasest God, dispose the day."
"SFPD says they're involved in a chase right now with the man in the night shirt who shot at the speed van."
"Would you be willing to cover our RIFT red carpet premier/theatrical release to your site and do an Exclusive"
"I'm running out of fingers though! RT : it sure does! PLUS, I live for the nail biters! :)"
"Wow, cousin Sookie & Bill having a baby (in real life not in #TrueBlood) Will it be vamp or fairy? LOL"
"LMAO too funny. Watch out, your aunty is a techie gangster! :P and how do you use this pintrest? any other media sites other-"
"yeah some are exerting a bit too much for the beefcake"
"Wow. We are so sorry that happened and that link definitely didn't come from us. Thank you for letting us know."
"You know what would go great with the OU-FSU game? Our delivered pizza. Try our Buffalo Chicken or Polish. 521-9800."
"Good win lakers"
"Was that message to us? In response to the DM?"
"I will have that answer for you later today we are meeting tonight at 8 to discuss deals for"
"I just helped a faculty member use the Xerox machine."
"Aww how cute an employee just asked a girl out over the intercom"
"girl my thighs be hurting from doing those things last night ..."
"preparing my stomach for toledo = fried foods as veggies, bud lite as beer, and sunlight as what is this shit?"
"Those who say it can't communicate would use your example as evidence because it's likely not just 20 interpretations with 1 meaning."
"so you are due in 2 weeks? congratulations!"
"Oh.... get me to the Label 7 patio!"
"Best part of my day, getting home and watching my lil one sleep ;)"
"tell me you're going to linas tonight and make me the happiest boy in the world"
"Its very cold outside,take your jackets."
"I think you and I should just drink on it, Put our heads together and think on it, Maybe later on we can sleep on it"
"Back at you from across the pond! RT :"
"they DO have access to a lot of tasty, low cost snack food..."
"being human is beingg too complicated! time to becomee a U N I C O R N ! xD"
"#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps anything with"
"Cher hates Scott Walker. Gays, we have our orders."
"Ben is awfully inaccurate tonight. He'll heat up later, so Denver better build up a lead"
"Do not excuse poor officiating. These refs are having a horrible game (just like players can). They are not above criticism."
"Do you have a favorite on the list of restaurants?"
"the 23 is worth it. Otherwise, I'd go with McCallan 18 or or Oban. Kudos on the choice tho."
"Katie she likes staying up late haha :)"
"#TheLittleBlackTruck is back at it! Come find us at 15th and Q. Next to Fremont Park, R15 Naked Coffee and Shady Lady!"
"I'll check it out again."
"Seems like dem lakers getting the cake baked 2night"
"Hi Claireja. I was wondering if you were going to join. Glad you shared your favorite. Chat is just wrapping up."
"Hello world and followers!!! Don't forget...tonight at 7pm. It's the Friday Night Beat #BoomBox with yours truly live in the mix."
"Preserving parties?? What a GREAT idea!!!"
"I wear glasses, too, and 3D movies give me headaches. Hopefully, you'll fare better than me."
"yeah we can only try!:("
"Ah another day."
"The $ pulled you away from us eh? Don't blame ya, but the thought of Slamming one off Evan made ya think :)"
"Always amazed by your poetry good sir. Nobody looks at the Queen!"
"What if he hates me?! #Racquet*"
"I find it a tough sell to be upset about Kurt being nominated about prom queen when Brittany being nominated for prom king is a joke."
"Outreach concert at all girls school in Dorchester this morning. Good way to start off the day!"
"Where at? RT : who trying to go golfing sunday afternoon?"
"The human heart weighs less than a pound"
"My kind of hallowed ground! RT : The Holy of Holies!!!!"
"great tacos tonight at on south broadway. Thanks David"
"Another tough one for Blazers...pretty impressed by JJ Hickson and Nolan Smith tonight...More playing time maybe?"
"Anyone think we'll see some social media records set/broken tonight during the #superbowl? We're thinking yes! Especially around halftime."
"your smoking crack rock"
"Can't wait for spring break!"
"Just left my 2nd favorite restaurant in the world. Big ups Tao Asian Bistro."
"if I hear the beep. Beep. Beep. Again I think I am going to crawl in a corner and DIE...because I can't talk to u...."
"But WHERE will it go? After they cast it…what's gonna happen? That's what I don't understand. But til then, I'm watching!"
"please tell me you're joking. anything by whitney houston also off the table."
"Awesome time meeting and chatting with last night. SO excited for her to shoot our wedding! :)"
"You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare."
"*Chilly fries RT : Waiting for my curly fries (:"
"looking forward to your big news on tonight's"
"No but really, someone finish my flvs class for me :c"
"Ticketmaster should have the info RT : Where can I get info on VIP Tickets for the concert on 6/22?"
"thank you kind sir"
"I have not been keeping up with the playoffs. I need to do better..."
"we've got to mix it up Jo! They'll make it to Harvard in time!"
"nervous as hell! but ready for the #Giants to win this game!"
"Fuck for F"
"It is pretty hard to call myself a fan these days.... could the game be any more pathetic then the highlights?"
"“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!"
"Really hoping Roxy here gets better soon, she's been an awesome dog to grow up with and a big part of my childhood."
"Welcome to the team Keith Oliveira, Denis Jones, Chuck Porcheron, Chris Fluke, Gary Saladino, and Christopher Rocha"
"So disappointed !!!!! Terrible finale!!"
"Who else is going to the symposium tomorrow on #arts and #economic development? will be there!"
"Sat down tonite & realized I'd poured myself 2 glasses of wine. It was a rough day."
"I drink your milkshake."
"Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future!!!"
"We're ecstatic! “: was a great discovery this wknd @ Little E's featuring the amazing voice of !”"
"my 4yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get"
"Happy mood. Lol"
"Hey Milwaukee - eat great, without the gluten! All #glutenfree menu items are available with no cover charge all day on Tuesdays!"
"All I saw out of the corner of my eye was \"I want to prevent orphans.\""
"haha kinda took the words right out of my mouth. Well said lol. messed but hopefully we'll get"
"Ian White's tales of \"public\" data acquisition woes resonate with my experiences collecting data for the"
"\"Michael Norton Confirms Bloomberg Confirmation\""
"Oh my. I didn't realize you were so young! Many happy returns! :-)"
"Glad the weather is a little better today.Can you imagine living in this type of hot weather all year around? Its like that in the Caribbean"
"l sort of write for myself, less blog, more of a retainer for thoughts and ideas and method of processing new information."
"tea and fig rolls for breakfast.. the british kind"
"Great shot!"
"Really love this 4 day weekend!! Back to the grind tomorrow at 11am. For now manis and pedis while drinking"
"Yes! We have a few diehard people that still want to party this weekend. We'll keep going until it snows or under 32."
"It's weird to be at #SMCSea without my amazing and awesome friend , lady you are missed!"
"Join #CHEVY4MKE starting at 7:00pm at Miss Katie's Diner in district 5 on 02/21/2012 for an #Election Night Watch Party!"
"Woo-hoo, so this is how it feels like turning the big 20! haha keeping it young with"
"I love strawberries as much as u or more"
"But with my eyes closed all I know is the skyline, through the window, the moon above you and the streets below."
"ya!!!!!!!!!!!! Ur my everything my life my breathe of fresh air the only reason i wake up in the morning is to see u:)"
"R.I.P. Maurice Sendak - I owe you much for my childhood inspiration to read and dream."
"House readopts HB1238, early literacy bill. Congrats and"
"The Beatles <3"
"I come alive n da night time"
"RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything."
"Have you seen those people all around downtown? What's going on?"
"FUCK ANDROID PHONES & THEIR CHAFA ASS BATTERY LIFE."
"Your boys are so cute Margaret! Hope you're enjoying your Easter!"
"Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. Brian Tracy"
"How's the lyrics coming?"
"Eddie's Sports Bar in Garland Tx. Let's go"
"#YOUneedahearingaid Nigga. YOU SAID NICK IS SO SEXY. SO"
". We'll announce all of our winners at 5 o'clock!"
"#Trivia What year did U.S. Cellular Field open?"
"Yes. Please like and retweet everything that makes you angry."
"that's messed up lol"
"The Super Bowl will be a high scoring game for sure? Giants 38 & New England 31"
"oooohhhh good afternoon everyone ! Starting the day off right ... a little gloomy outside but oh well not gonna let that take my shine;)Muah"
"I'm @ work. Uggh ..ok.going to lunch. Was fun mY girls! Luv ya!:-) :-)"
"Yay #twins Great way to relax after a good morning workout on the garden with mom and"
"don't forget to vote for Stallions in this week's indie soap poll! it's our last eligible week until Season 2, help make us #1!"
"Hi there. Because we only sell to retailers and not directly to the public, prices are not listed."
"Lmfaoo. that was me wasn't it ? ;D"
"I find it very hard to fill a #growler with and save it for more than a day."
"The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well. -Joe Ancis"
"I'm dropping 9 followers and making my page private in a week and won't be accepting no new followers !!! Them hoes heads gonna be hurting !"
"About to check out 21 jump street :) let the laughter begin!"
"We all got options i create equations"
"I think I may be related to those dogs. Gorgeous hair."
"Klokikon massacre... brilliant"
"what if #Ravens can land Hue as OC??? Familiar w joe and system."
"any plans for Paper for Android?"
"maybe u, & me are on our own fault not being monitored by USGS b/c my windows don't rattle like that in a storm."
"Off to dinner for my moms bday!"
"CONGRATS 2 the Class of 2012!"
"thank you!"
"i wonder where are all the #Villans are??"
"One more round of Call Of Duty!"
"Lions and Bills both win. BREAKING: Satan seen wearing down parka."
"i like the name, \"Nick's Chocolate Paradise\". Its catchy. And lol idk about those pony tail dudes."
"You've been hurt by somebody else, I can tell by tha way you carry yourself.."
"what should i eat today .... hm =["
"was it just you and Mia?"
"It's a wet, rainy morning in #LA. What #music are you guys listening to today?"
"To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login #cookie sent over #unencrypted connections, and login as you!"
"word that's was up, what's next on the line up for you?"
"#tu222 still looking for my favorite Twitter tool."
"I hate summer weather"
"Getting on the N train, heading out to see a shipwreck."
"I can deal with a lot of things ...no sense of urgency is not one of these things."
"r u a grandpa?"
"Are crowdfunding sites the new daily deal sites?"
"it has to be creamable - SURE BUT TOO WARM AND YOUR COOKIES ARE GOING TO BE TOO FLAT"
"Good work girlie."
"and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?"
"I'm not accepting responsibility for any of this. You started it with your creeping"
"Thank you!"
"Right through my masculinity. ;-) RT FTR, MY kid likes Owl City, but was agreeing the songs mostly sound the same."
"#NP where have you been -Rihanna <3"
"He got 50 n beiber with him oh shyt"
"#birdemic I'm hoping a bird will see my tweet!!LOLOLOL!!"
"there is seriously something wrong with my nose.:("
"Thanks Kugsang for including us!"
"When your like damn this person hasn't txt me back in a while, then you look at the messages and you never sent it! Lmao"
"Just finished our last rehearsal for tomorrow nights show!"
"NP, man. I just get tired of these douche bags thinking its ok to play the \"hillbilly\" jokes. Obvious what he meant by that."
"Friday, a thief...Sunday, a King."
"Rohs Street Cafe show starts at 7pm. Chocolates, pastries, and music make a great start to the evening."
"Letting my raisin bran get soggy."
"related: hello, yes, I've been in hiding. I was saving twat #1 of '12 for something good. This applied."
"haha nice plug! I will be watching 5/20 at 9pm on my home course aka my couch of #AmericanNinjaWarrior on"
"Hi Tori & Dean. When is your show coming back?"
"Going into the new year with a better mentality, a bigger heart, rejuvenated spirit and a wonderful attitude."
"Yayyy followed me! If followed me too I think I'd die! Or at least not care that I'm going to fail this test."
"brought to the beginning/to keep up with your finishing"
"Sad the reds lost but they made it a good game in the end."
"#questionsihatebeingasked Is the #achievementgap closeable w/o solving poverty 1st? Answer: Yes. We know from experience."
"Huge deals on poker products!! Up to 75% off!! www.eproducts4less.biz"
"Coaches come join for free today find the player you are looking for no cost"
"that's awesome. although I've never read it. or actually I may have. perhaps I can't remember."
"\"Everything is Wrong\" was such a great album, why did Moby have to sell out?"
"Think this is enough rain???"
"Senior Appreciation at Rivcity!"
"I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people. Or hate a person just because they have new fans."
"Hungry as a hostage"
"judging from the velocity it looks like a slider, but I'll ask."
"you're bout to get beat up."
"Enjoyed losing my voice last night. Well worth it for the Packers and the way they played! A-Rodge is the best right about now...."
"I'm judging the shit out of this slutty book cover."
"wow that's nice! How did you get it?"
"Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach"
"I love your tweets. Just sayin."
"U CAN GET WIT THIS... OR U CAN GET WIT THAT #THROWBACKS ON MTV2"
"#myfirstyearatPVAMU ... another Houston-area related trending topic? How is this happening?"
"Latte time!@ BKL"
"Chilling. What are you doing?"
"wake up sleeping beauty(;"
"I just read that finished High School! Congrats Justin! :D Just 1 more year and i'll be done, too. Exciting stuff!(:"
"date with my two favorites :-*"
"Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun! 2 Corinthians 5:17"
"anything new with you?"
"RT Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. ~Martin Luther King Jr."
"Life is your one chance to breed a soul-download- InSpotter mobile app"
"I'm so glad I finally got to see again today. Its been FOREVER. I missed my best friend so much. There's no one better. :)"
"JK keep being yourself. How do I use this thing? Can you teach me? How do I like something? Is this facebook?"
"Save the Date/Time: Thursday, March 1st, 5:30 - 8:00. We are still looking for sponsors and auction items."
"okay, I'm about to. Check ur DMs noww..."
"Tax Season starts Jan 17th"
"Kind of a sluggish track workout, but hadn't done interval sprints in over two months. I'll take it."
"#DeleteMyNumber if I send you a long text and I'm expecting a reply to that equivalent but you reply \"k\""
"you know, Willy Idol, that guy who recreates Billy Idol songs using only whale song recordings."
"awh hell yea"
"This'll put the Chocolate Wonderfall at the nearby Golden Corrall to shame."
"RT if you want me to follow you!! -must be following me-"
"the fairest one should never be a ingenue hateful she-bully, but someone who, like you and me can truly be extraordinary."
"I'm excited to see it!"
"Tag map page on Squinchpix now alphabetical as well as by frequency. Try it!"
"Read about rescuing a woman from a house fire, then watched 's TedxTeen talk.Tomorrow I'll do something awesome,world."
"true....but maybe the girl wont let it till you call it off....duh! unless it was the women...then that guy is dumb....."
"off coursee if yu ask her too she will and check her out on youtube also she has an amazing voice! and tell her i sent yu"
"Despite the Ipad shortcomings I will have to get one!"
"Well, i don't curse anymore so i don't use the real word. I just use words like it :)"
"ive done spam before and gone on tweet limit 6 times cuz of that! so i made a back up account just to spam him to follow me:D"
"#NYACCE12 Lisa Lee and her NY colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance AECP in the Empire State! Bright futures being made here!"
"you love it (;"
"Which is the superior party: TilYouPuke or hearty?"
"Aw. Poor Rubes. She's having a tough time suddenly being twice her age. (This is why Mom's drink wine)"
"Can someone give me some advice on Edmodo? I am signed up but am not sure what I do with the code for Flat Stanley"
"is hands down the best worker in the biz."
"i am a party, your party ain't a party til' i get there [;"
"If his agents are the reason he passed on doing Dancing With The Stars, Cruz has just cause for dumping them."
"Gorgeous day/week out!! Enjoying my Texas \"winter\" :)"
"Check out the legendary here. I want the lowdown after that conference tomorrow."
"It's really hard for me to watch hood/ amateur girls fight...just so much hair pulling and sitting on top of each other"
"10:24am. Cravings for sour patch kids and other road trip snacks have begun."
"I was watching a poker blog and they were giving you props on your poker skills. The game of poker needs players like you!"
"who you pick to win tonight?"
"has both a daily gummy and a PreNatal gummy! RT : “: I need a good vitamin any suggestions?!”...."
"Take the 2012 WOMAN Challenge. This is challenge is much like the President’s Challenge with a little twist. Meet your physical and..."
"For a web analytics company, sure has shitty SEO and documentation."
"I'm not sure if you can have iMessage on your phone and your iPad...but it stinks that you can't!"
"This is going to be the best summer I just have a great feeling about this! <3"
"Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning."
"OMG HAPPENING NOW!!!!!!!"
"no!!! Get your butt down to Fells Point! !!!!"
"Having a good time at damiens first bday party"
"Do you feel you and your family are prepared for an emergency?"
"The ladies of #girlspintout are lookin' good!"
"We've narrowed down who we will be moving forward with. Stay tuned!"
"The Share the Love Mobile App Webinar is off to a great start so far"
"RT If you want something you've never had before, you have to do something you've never done before!"
"I had a dream about and Steven- it was a fictional version of your love story but it involved swords. Very princess bridey"
"That is so funny! I hope she does not become a housewife either!"
"After a week of vacationing and resting up...SST hits the stages again starting saturday...FINALLY!!!"
"AWESOME ! Empowering End User Insight Through Rapid Data Exploration and Visualization with Power View"
"I have so much respect for He always stands up for what he believes in."
"#Health tip: Studies show the more acts of generosity you commit, the better your overall health."
"you'd be better off just paying a site to host your images & doing the page yourself. Try godaddy, cheap domain and hosting."
"Why am i still awake -____-\""
"Every time it rains there are multiple accidents becuz NASHVILLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO DRIVE"
"Did manningham say we work on feetwork all the time in his postgame press conference?"
"Having a 5 o'clock class blows. No gdi bus to take me back. It's UofLs fault"
"Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost."
"already headed the other way to across the freeway. I'll connect when i go the other way. Thnx"
"YA we do....Let me know what you want..."
"Does anybody else imagine/think that #KrabbyPatties taste like In n Out burgers? That's the first burger that comes to my mind when I do."
"Tomorrow I'm releasing a new video on how to create a \"Sales Funnel\" for your biz to engage more customers. I use my biz as an example."
"RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at SPARKY'S... & at AREA 31"
"Our album, Peace of Mind, is coming to iTunes and other digital outlets very soon!"
"There's a difference between holding down the fort and charging into battle ;)"
"Tucson, you disappoint."
"need to sleep... night everyone!"
"Get money. Take action."
"the same lol"
"On my run this morning it seemed as tho everyone had rubbed on BenGay b4 they ran. Thought I was running thru an altoid factory."
"Crap! Would you guys play it again?"
". 2012 launched today and you had better believe I will be bragging about it all week ( client, I'm not on the team)"
"Will do :)"
"Plums tickle my tongue #isthatweird?"
"And Take Off Sexy Vinny Tear Tear again ='("
"they say when you're not looking, that's when you'll find...."
"Agreed. Newt's awake today."
"Navarro isn't playing first either, people...he just got PH for as well"
"Looking back at all the memories i had at my school i dont want to leave"
"They won't be able to see me yet, but they can still enjoy a nice tour."
"lol it was great. And then Phoebe \"ah, I didn't know u were in LOVE. I thought u were just doing it.\""
"What do you think of Gov. Scott's budget?"
"this is such a cute idea:)"
"Woo!! Be careful!!! Calif's don't know how to handle rain. I'm an SD native and I still criticize rain drivers!"
"Great day at Radford seeing graduate. Now got big day tomorrow, giving my testimony in church"
"I would recommend learning XHTML/CSS and what a grid based layout is."
"My maternity leave starts in five weeks, y'all. You are more than welcome to follow me on my personal Twitter"
"my new fav fashion inspiration! Xo! ;)"
"Thanks for following me! I am excited to share more of my art with you."
"#twitterstorians I can't B SOLE historian using Alain Touraine as theoretical scaffodling $ social movement history Find me more please?"
"The Inner Harbor Renaissance when the Red Sox are in town = Hell."
"Had Thanksgiving today! :-) blessed <3"
"that picture you posted still has me laughing"
"\"You've really out-boo'd yourself.\""
"Listening to discuss the mental health of astronauts."
"Thanks Dean!"
"- Looks very appetizing!"
"alrightxD I'll buy you one from the swap meet xD"
"Tue May 15th Drops It for Party!"
"Format evolution requires new infrastructure. Ebook session. Porter"
"Just left the studio for a few"
"I've never been able to do this. Different animal in Houston lol."
"Due to circumstances beyond my control, I cannot guarantee my presence. But let me know where."
"I think she fell asleep."
"I'm never satisfied, no matter what I achieve I always want more and no matter how good I do I always feel like I could have done better."
"What, no visitors? ;-)"
"quote: \"You took shop. I took dance.\""
"#wtf Hey, hollywood types, stop whitewashing asian movie properties, thanks."
"Thank you so much for the shout out, Vicki!!! :D Go #DC and #EtsyCREST AND for also being featured!! :D"
"I also noticed you wanted some fro yo..."
"it's not working babes x"
"I love this girl! ;P RT S/o to for being awesome lol."
"Beer is the cure to a bad cough"
"(Rich) The Zoom H4n came in while I was travelling. Can't wait to use it in investigations! Have to try the Cubase LE4 software with it..."
"My vote for best good bad movie goes to Road House. Thoughts?"
"Off work kinda tired but o well"
"yeah that's the best weekend for me as well. So let's plan for 11-19-11and we can workout the time and place."
"brought u some beers for the fridge. Hope u like BUDdy! Lol."
"cant wait for it. I got my invitation and put it right into my calendar!"
"literally just beat off in my bathroom"
"Just tapped due to popular request, Boarhead Barley Wine (replaces LTD 5)"
"It's overrated there."
"Reason # 1029 to move back to NYC: Jil Sander's collaboration with Uniqlo +J launches in stores tomorrow. #jilsander #uniqlo #h&m"
"Same to you, Lynn! Congrats on all (and thanks for the retweet of my new Interiors of a Courtyard recording!) Stay in touch!"
"oh it use to be all day. It use to be watchable, I don't really know why they stopped playing videos"
"My biology teacher is a pervert. LMFAO"
"not much Justin. Is that how I should refer to you now?"
"Shea McClellin gives the #Bears an end project who will star as a high effort situational pass rusher at first"
"How bad is it that there are still about 4 girls in my grade that I have NO idea what their names are?.."
"Ice cream is my life 🍦"
"#SUCCESS The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what it needed to be!"
"Stoked!! RT : Austin, Kunta is officially in the House! #SXSW”"
"Hahah! But I have something that would make you feel better<3 Check out the new #bandoftheday ;)"
"no we are taking on all the best talent from all over and let them shine on this new TV show so you're OK to rep for Spain"
"walk on down!! It's all free :)"
"officially a part of the team in my youth group going to Joplin, MO this summer to do mission work. so excited!"
"what the fuuuuuuck!?!!? Its yo birthday"
"Tolerance? You're so demanding."
"The Hungarian Marketing Volunteers"
"They know what they're talking about ;) RT : \"Big LOG news coming Monday!\""
"\"Experts\" eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?"
"BeTeDub my new layout is downtown Louisiana"
"The latest security trend... what works ...what doesn't...tell us your story in 150 characters."
"There's a difference in waking up to a good morning text and just getting one when you're already awake."
"So fucking tired! Warrior dash soon. I love how half our team dropped out of the run. Pussies!"
"I think I have my expectations set up too high cause I always seem to end up disappointed."
"Still collecting #money for the project \"Miss Texas\" to be the best it can be.Contact me!"
"Hard to be more overconfident than Rashad usually is. I hope you're wrong."
"#Romney in Rosemont event wrapping up now. He's on to Puerto Rico for more campaigning in pursuit of 2012 GOP presidential nomination."
"Day off with my girls!!!"
"If you're driving n on interstate 5 rt now crash near Holgate s of 90 has left 2lanes closed merge right"
"Singapore to host the Global Leadership Conf & Expo January 2012!"
"LMaO!! It was kinda funny.RT : God bless your ministry. RT Love_Reign I'm watching a movie w/ Trina as the lead actress...."
"Gentlemen,need a way to maintain your facial routine?Come 2 & get our Express Facial for $40. specifically designed 4 you."
"Getting my car an oil change than back To the house for a hour of extra sleep"
"I added commentluv to my blog last night...pretty fun! Well...not the process of adding it :op"
": Unfortunately, you can't search by negative on Yelp... though you can sort any biz reviews by rating, if that helps..."
"Drink! #Whitney reference"
"ATTENTION: w/ \"ice-rink\" conditions we'll be canceling classes tonight / watch #codeorangerevival elevationnetwork.com 4pm PST"
"Wish I could be there. So proud of you twinsie!"
"#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow thati think ball is life :)"
"Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs"
"Amazing! We all knew she would beat it but it took a warrior princess 2 ensure it happened. Love you guys & Rita"
"Wow...Jake Delhomme just got let the hell down."
"I took the liberty of proposing a name. It should be called. Mellow, Marsh-Mellow (in a James bond kind of way)"
"Need to find something's just for me,I share too much of myself"
"Headed to the National Aquarium to check out their new dolphin experience this morning. The Bug is beyond excited."
"#IDoNotUnderstand why people still use PowerPoint"
". I could go for a fresh fucking pot right now...FRESH POTS!"
"Is there a heaven for a G? I would like to know only thing is a nigga gotta die to know..."
"totally in."
"Don't except me to not get pissed while you're fooling around in the drum closet while I'm actually trying to practice."
"Sorry Lizzy :-( RT : I'm just having all kinds of technical difficulties this evening :("
"Wrapped on THREE films this week! Next up: CHASING SHADOWS shooting in Ocean City NJ!"
"Tonight is the gala for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. We were proud to support their fundraising efforts this year by designing a..."
"Why do people hate rain? Its peaceful.."
"send him/her to hell with all he's/her crap about Justin beiber."
"as hot, more hot, or less hot as the first one?..."
"welcome to my world!!! miami was crazy!!!!"
"The #supermoon is out. It's pretty."
"I'm sure he didn't"
"Hand & Foot Copying: Play a rhythm with your feet & mimic with your hands & visa versa. Get creative using flams, drags & diddles."
"awwwweeeeee! they are adoreable! and they really do grow up really fast! ;) hahahaha. oh! and I made up with Jake..."
"elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ... very nice"
"Medical & Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 1862-1865 is helpful in tracking surgeons."
"Commissioner: Education needed on Fargo bike lanes"
"#21 Jackson Square (tarot reading) - New Orleans, LA"
"you have no sense of direction 😒"
"... and cue sudden heavy rain... (and is that hail?)"
"'the holiday' & wrapping presents :)"
"#ThingsIlove when your boyfriend makes you made and to make it up he hugs you and give you a kiss and say he is sorry"
"studies on one particular site automatically excludes those who are not on the site - and choice of site is never random"
"Happy Moms Day to all the moms out there!"
"Just watched another epic performance by on StageIt! Check back tomorrow for a full review!"
"I love the nitelife..."
"sometimes you gotta spaz out"
"interesting choice, i like his game"
"Oops! My brothers cat is a she not a he. Haa. Her name is Sasha!"
"NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva & Houston Counties until 07:00 AM"
"can you please follow me back ?"
"why? What happened D: text me"
"Let's hear about those PR's falling at Regionals!!!"
"is it crossing a line to try to go see with my students since i have no adult friends to go with?"
"The Price Of Success"
"So later on this week I will be receiving all of the things I need to test making promo cards with a player's picture on them. :)"
"As hard as it may be to start fresh, keep in mind that with every ending comes a beginning."
"Hope you got 20 followers from iTricks , we want updates tonight!"
"“: Wait, Lil Boosie is free ?” yes my uncle is not guilty !!"
"Capturing more footage today!"
"Watching my princess singing my favorite ♬Revelation♬ \"Paint the Town Red\" Park!These kids are so wonderful!"
"ask and you shall receive :)"
"- thanks for following me and welcome to twitter. Be well, Marc"
"Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ... - Exec Digital (press release)"
"Bullied by the Anti-bullies. How sad is your life right now?"
"Good 4 U She needs to blocked and gagged This is the poison going back in2 the universe. May B she's the cause of nat disas"
"follow me now"
"idk its a long story haha ill explain another day but yeah I missed u its good to hear from u (:"
"Cocky, but sexaaaay!"
"yup because they won't be creeped out at all(; PERFECT PLAN!!"
"That's a great idea...will it ignite if the N is removed quickly?"
"Follow back :D"
"Track sent."
"Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF"
"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas > 😂"
"The Monday after a conference: the most I'll use LinkedIn for a year."
"I have too many people in my phone with the bar I met them at as a last name."
"Wow! Kate it was raining.Wasn't it? How did you manage? This is Great. Keep it up! Keep on running! Have a great evening!"
"It depends on the state. Each state has their own requirements. Not all teacher librarians have classroom experience."
"RT plz!: Make sure to get out & follow which is the new name for they had to change their name. Same gr8 food!"
"y tu tambien. Thanks for the publicity."
"I'm excited to go to the gala this evening. Will you be there?"
"We are at the today! Be sure to stop by-look for us behind home plate!"
"the awkward moment when ur sisters compares a hot guy to facebook ..."
"me to"
"Ain't called a female a bitch in a long time.. I'm proud of myself.."
"#Salute always loved your music we need you back!!!"
"I'd like you to come, so I will be asking :)"
"Tweet more. Pick it up. Let's go. Seize the day. Carpe diem."
"Everyone loves my hair lol. But 4 real, that isn't a lie about the essence of who they are. That's what u got to keep real."
"I just had a commission and the customer wanted me to donate the 20% to you which is $40 for !!! ♥"
"Good morning"
"Watching the Saints game with the hubby and eating delicious Pizza Hut pizza. Oh Pizza Hut, you'll always be my favorite pizza chain <3!"
"FUN: Intern stakes his experience on the Apple Tablet www.TagYourMug.com"
"Damn I love #mkebeerweek and"
"*WINNING* #teamtigerblood speak your mind your lips have been sealed to long express yourself and hell with everybody else.."
"Done at Footprints. Dance was nice. #cheers at #shebalounge @"
"there are sit ups involved in today's #WOD. I'm guessing that I will be feeling those 80 GHD sit ups I did last night. Oy!"
"Put ur feet in cold water..... I hope this helps"
"Decently Funny #105 - Live from Reality Rally"
"cough cough cough...im so sick, sick, sicks."
"woo you layed the smackdown on that fruity pebble,kung pao bitch!!!! If you smell what YOU are cookin!"
"invite me please!"
"RT\": People change, memories don't.\""
"Hello Lucky! RT : AND THE HATS GO FLYING! Evgeni Malkin gets his third of the game! 7-1 #Pens! #hattrick!"
"Always a treat during #Idol when they go to Steven Tyler for his comments! Tonight's best... \"Courage is just fear that said its prayers.\""
"____ can't believe Google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter."
"Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience."
"Two strikes away from winning the world series. Go rangers!"
"Costner gave Whitney the opportunity of a Lifetime"
"come show love & support for sum of thecoldest niggaz in the mill p2 & up coming show on 4/27/12 tweet back 4 info"
"Trust can only be earned not taken."
"Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with."
"Butler to the A-10. Great move!"
"Chapter 2012 Page 71 of 366 I want my hour back! Maybe I should make the best of the 23 I still have"
"You can even leave out the abbreviations."
"tweet limit sucks ass."
"Home! I sure will miss"
"Ran into your blog- neat stuff. What do you make shoot vids with?"
"I think she's neat"
"And for the naysayers in your life? The International Black Hole Registry?"
"Counting ppl to see which paragraph you'll have to read out loud in class >.<"
"Why Mario Yamasaki always throws up a heart when he's introduced? I dont know."
"#Drupa Report Daily names Aleyant's Pressero #w2p storefront system and Interactive Designer iPad app a show \"Hot Spot\". Booth 7 0B04"
"Goodbye winter...Hello Spring!!!"
"GATOR BOWL HALFTIME SCORE: Florida 14, Ohio State 10"
"that shrimp was so good...make sure you practice your belly dance moves for the next time we hit the Bronx LOL"
"Stop It"
"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 16"
"Lol! Yup, it is"
"Hey there! I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this..."
"I was sspending the night over my sisters house."
"That would be more like trying to survive....a struggle everyday at least....suffering as a norm."
"lol patents? The fuck? I meant parents."
"Convicted felons can't own a gun or vote. Some states prevent them from being in a labor union. Felonies affect entire lives."
"trade ya Waukesha for Kentucky:) 14 degrees here."
"Wow finally after the 4th day in to my #changemybodymission I'm getting a hang of it :)"
"\"rock that body\" - black eyed peas. my rock n roll friends are gonna kill me for this.. but damn what a"
"Bart Reid's status: Become bigger than your obstacle! It's the only way to 'truly' win. Reply with your comment, \"like\" or \"unsubscribe\""
"hunger games. you're already headed to hawaii, at this point you just need to pass."
"Mormon posthumous baptism. I want to shoot myself."
"\"then it hit me, this nigga looked like Tom cruise, like mission impossible 2, jerry maguire Tom cruise\" -"
"retweet if you like mac miller"
"no. Idek what ima get into yet when I graduate."
"EI Cuts are draconian. Could it be that our NYS Executive Chamber simply doesn't like children with devtal disabilities. What do you think?"
"show was on fire tonite. Cleveland pride"
"Ah, I like the genius title, lol. Boots are killers, aren't they. Thanks for your service to our country, I really appreciate that!"
"26 states, from California to Maine and from South Dakota to Georgia embrace #sciencestandards://tinyurl.com/7j83f99"
"I heard it doesn't count on your plan. Some people still don't have unlimited texts I guess. So IPhone to IPhone is free."
"all love back. Thanks bro..."
"Spent most of my morning talking guns, war, and football with my boss. I feel like I need to go do some pushups and eat a steak."
"doing my science fair project ):"
"Heats<<<<<<< horrible night"
"Happy Birthday! :0)"
"She did great. I want to follow her."
"“: Congratulations to Meredith!” I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !!"
"Lololol well, I need to find out how that paint will cost, my funds are dwindling time to prioritize!"
"Lovely dish. Jennings to Sanders ... again."
"I can't even pay attention when I'm tweeting -.-"
"You're beautiful. (:"
"\": Make the workmanship surpass the materials. ~Ovid #quotes\" (speaks to ingenuity...nice)"
"Hello by Karmin is an unbelievably incredible song."
"DUDE WE GOTTA HANG OUT NEXT TIME I COME DOWN"
"Got them jars lookin beautiful ,"
"ringalingggg hi!!! thanks for follow!! love,"
"Oranges have an alkalizing effect on the body. Why not start the day with a glass of orange juice?"
"Independent Women >>>"
"A2 Create a workable, efficient station for the BBQ pit. Equipment, easy access to necessities."
"On Sept.19, Ottawa-born illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium."
"Looked outside and was excited my last shoot for the day is out in the sun. Then I stepped out and was cold. At least it looks nice out :)"
"#ADPoncampus at Chico State this week! Happy Halloween everyone..."
"#WarisChildsPlay is being set up at the #spinningplate galleries! Cannot wait until Feb.11th!"
"I'm at my breaking point. I don't want to do this shit anymore."
"Bucks might be out of the playoffs with that loss... come on guys the wizards?"
"problem is that Hip Hop fails to inform us that some people r artists and others just entertain. Let's keep it real!"
"in the building"
"I got to let everyone know! Only if they get it though."
"so is the mocha cookie crumble "
"It's so hot in Boston. No amount of ice cold drinks can keep me cool."
"uhu I see how it is"
"‎#occupyimprov 99% of Chicago Improvisers pay to perform or perform for free."
"daaayyyuuumm you must be rlly cold!"
"ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 9"
"248 more days til vacation. sigh. I guess I should think smaller. 4 more days til Sunday."
"Haven't been on twitter for he's revising for loads of exams urrgg Stressful 😓"
"You need to understand"
"TY for the follow!"
"Why would u invest in public companies if they are not going to hire. U are better off in Vegas. WallStreet continues while US crumbles."
"im w/okc"
"Tell #Congress to be #transparent on #contraceptive debate"
"nice shirt Austin! lol"
"My mommy is so bootyful and awesome "
"Prepping for a presentation on Orphan Works and libraries, archives and museums. 15 minutes of fame? Think not."
"Guitars day two. So excited--this shiz is sounding SICK!!"
"\"The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!? C'mon, man!\" ~glad I'm not the only one who thought that. Here, I was thinking I was shallow..."
"GETTING READY TO TAKE JAYLYNN TO THE DOCTOR THEN HOPEFULLY I CAN COME HOME TO SLEEP!!!"
"I wonder what Barry Trotz would look like with a mullet."
"IKR!!! I miss my big sister!!!"
"He is so followable MT : Hello Twitter World! I look forward to sharing info abt NYC gov't & hearing from you ..."
"I think you’ve overlooked something: Fern Gully is Fern Gully on crack."
"Died for your sins."
"YES. Sitcoms of the 70s/80s for a $1000, Alex!"
"I would guess we could tell the client that it is naughty word. Seems to work with my son for a while."
"I know I was sad AF lol"
"RT : glad this Dodgers press conference started with Mayor Villaraigosa and Councilman Reyes. That's who we all came to hear."
"I very much agree, and I'm sure they could've found a qualified native to take the position."
"Undefeated season for lax isn't gonna happen anymore."
"thank you for the kind words - that makes our weekend!! Wish you were here too. Hope to see you soon!"
"This Duke vs Lehigh game is making my blood pressure rise."
"Congratulations to the class of 2011! We admire your hard work & dedication and we wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors!"
"Thanks for the RT.....how are you guys?"
"Wow, so many new followers to welcome!! Thanks for the support :)"
"Soaking up lunch hour sun rays. Our office is chill, very chill. I need a desk side snuggie. This calls for afternoon coffee."
"Have you created any flipped class vodcasts? If so, what subject do you teach?"
"I love you too and im doing good bf"
"Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCC’s season ends game short of trophy round."
"Definitely interested in learning more! Just sent you an email!"
"HOSEA is out, they are gonna break up the couple!! BKLYN, NY waddup!!"
"I would sit by kidd on the bench and follow him like a shadow. wait, was this a bad call???"
"Thanks ! Does anyone actually post what they ordered from you? For real?"
"That's great - you can show us around town and tell us where the best lemonade stands are. :)"
"this fall a must see Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy workout session YouTube drfunnk1 and nycbulldogs to get a sample"
"Last night i had the most awkward moment of my life"
"thanks for sharing my write up from TownHall. We're brewing up plans for future speakers, maybe we can collaborate?"
"Tracy Allen Fine Jewelry is having a great Sale!! Check Tracy's store out at The Grove in Los Angeles for beautiful jewelry."
"British Garden @ Hanover Square Garden @ Premium Laces the attacks. these people were pissed at 12 AM I'm."
"\"Facebook is fuckin up the planet.\" - Shakespeare"
"Now if I only had cable. :) RT : Leave the gun, take the canoli."
"Give me few minutes lovies i have to make a sandwich"
"Most definitely! The first season was wonderful."
"I was in Virginia on assignment, suh."
"Wealth, if you use it, comes to an end; learning, if you use it, increases. ~Swahili saying"
"it was weird don't do it"
"Would love to have some at #BabyBashBling!"
": 1 of fav memories was performing w on the Arsenio Hall Show!!"
"Turn. Off. Updates... Or you could ask Charles Geschke to put a ring on it... I'll give you time to google. ;)"
"ALRIGHT! THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TO MY FIRST EVER LIVE TWEET EXPERIENCE! I HOPE YOU LOVED IT AS MUCH AS I DID!"
"Trip coming up? We stayed at the Wilderness Lodge this past February. Quick 3-night stay."
"I love that song!(:"
"Longest non extra inning game ever"
"#followalibrarian: 'cause it's a non-profit working to get eContent into libraries!"
"Princeton bcuz hes smart confiedent and his personality and i love his smile :)"
"I'm fdu.... Fresher than yu."
"What would you like to know about Las Vegas real estate?"
"no midnight anxiety about the dewey decimal system?"
"ok so um that new rihanna and chris brown tune badddtuhrassss!!!!!"
"Gary vitti looks like Bruce Willis"
"Fruits,vegetables, and water is a good 3 day diet."
"Tiger Driver 98~!"
"looks good"
"Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always makes you less than you are."
"$56 gets you two 1 hour massages at East Village Body Shop! Get deal at www.buywithme.com"
"#Twitter #Addicted ."
"RT“: Wow....Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and now Amy Winehouse.....all died at the age of 27. #tortured#”"
"I should specify: the show, not the movie. Definitely the show."
"MUSICFEST TONIGHT AH!!!"
"Enjoying some subway ice cream!"
"Score! M83 at Black Cat on Friday, Little Dragon at 930 club on Saturday. Gonna be a great weekend."
"Who trying to chill this weekend"
"Theres a video on youtube of a girl with 46 on her face. RT : More than one facial piercing on someone is complete overkill."
"I hate that #svu and #revenge is on at the same time"
"Am I the only person who finds the \"Las Vegas Code\" childish, annoying and vaguely offensive?"
"Cool video!"
"r there any hot middle skool partiez goin on in memphis tn tonite? i might go 2 da east end ...and then i might not!"
"is this who I think it is :0"
"Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. - Rumi"
"INDIANA GETS IT WRONG $13 Million verdict cut to $1.25 million for plaintiff! Call your state rep about caps on damages...."
"the whole house is mad at her"
"Sticking snow in downtown"
"Their driving home drunk. Oh no they always do this their fucking dumb asses sometimes -.-"
"can't wait till #BOYFRIEND comes out!! dying to hear it :D"
"Beach reads. Do you have a favorite, and why?"
"#mdcsymposium We need to upload more than download."
"Storytime w/ rhythm sticks went ok: This is the way we; The sticks on the bus; She'll be tappin'round the mtn; & freeform w/ Kodo drummers."
"Maryland girls ball that's what's up!! Great game"
"believe me, we want to have a new song to release lol hows your 2012?"
"Hovnanian ran through the CSO principal audition list for us in rep class tonight. WOW - amazing!"
"Plaza Singapore=D"
"“: The moment someone tells you you're not good enough is the moment you know you're better than them.”"
"Guterman: 80% of child abuse fatalities occur in the 0-3 age group."
"Where the heck are you? Missing your witty tweets."
"application time ( :"
"Both LA teams are gonna get swept. Such a basketball hometown"
"So... I just made fire red shirts"
"A3: Regardless of what the court says, providers will still be working at data exchange. HIEs not part of ACA act."
"According to a Sex survey, Greece couples have the most sex, ~164 times per year. Brazil ~145 times per year. The global average is 103."
"THE GREAT BOT PURGE OF 2012"
"Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum. HRC Auditorium at Noon."
"haha when do you come home??"
"Just do it, LOL!"
"CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS CAPS"
"Stay tuned for the results of the 1st Early Bird Drawing!"
"At runway with billy gardell. We got Ryan!"
"Ryan leslie beats <3"
"That sucks. Some hole. I would hate to see what they call a complete teardown!"
"follow me back please(: 9"
"Completely obsessed with 's Working in the Theatre on CUNYTV"
"Don't ask yourself what the world wants; think about what makes you come to life."
"I don't have any girl friends and is really far away so I'm giving myself a make over #lonely )-:"
"That's why the nation needs to shape-up RT@ TamelaJ Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have. - Winston Churchill"
"It's a scifi movie w/Bruce Willis & Milla Jovovich. They had cubbies built in the walls w/beds. Some \"hotels\" in Japan have them."
"Gar-field (20) Potomac (20) High School Hoops in Virginia"
"Justin finally admitted that he drinks. He drinks, but he controls himself. MY BABY IS GROWING UP TO FAST."
"Does anybody not need all ten of their graduation tickets ?"
"Who might be interested in kickball stuff that I should be following? Dont make me wait for"
"safe travels"
"corporate lady who's working from here today waits until he walks away & them goes \"he makes you nervous?doesn't he?\""
"I hate being alone! :("
"Hello Everyone! Checkout the website for my upcoming movie EPIDEMIC CHRONICLES. www.epidemicchronicles.com"
"i would date u every day and sometimes more than once on weekends and we'd make youtube videos together and delete them"
"Man I didn't see u in forever. I miss you shoot RT : Lol, what's up T. I'm around."
"Yeah, that's good that you didn't get that attached."
"shouldn't u be at work young man u on twitter. got a new contract pay is crazy. call me"
"Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org ."
"Eating peanut butter from the jar because it's the only food in my suite."
"OMG I know, it's not really a good choice that both bands make cause both fan bases HATE eachother"
"Ordinary People has been on repeat since yesterday."
"yea that awesome having your phone charged all day without worrying about it dying I know I can use that (:"
"We see you, Barack."
"Don't fucking sit there and say, \"Omg Jessica your boyfriend is so cute!\" yeah, I know he is. He's also mine. Ok."
"Thanks guys!"
"Defense defense defense killing the #crew again."
"We went to a reggae spot jt was nice and I had a blast. Oh yea, told him the truth abt me. So you knw whats on his mind now, can3 play????"
"Help WPFW spread the word! Share Our Facebook Page with your Friends"
"okay so we gooled redbottoms in dallas tx nd racks and red bottoms bday bash is a result. U betta be gooled nigga lol"
"Congrats seniors! You made it through hell! Now go make something of yourselves. I'll miss some of y'all!"
"just posted a bunch of reviews on Sephora. Please, please, please let me win $500!"
"Suck A Nigga Dick Or Sumn."
"Keep it trilla."
"boom boom boom"
"Spotify: check it out. It's legit"
"tomorrow.... SPRING BREAK MOFOS! ;)"
"thxs for prayer. 1st surgery went well but bro will have leg amputated Fri, cont prayers plz"
"Sometimes, I wonder."
"Only way the clots going to win is if they get that"
"Who else is a musician in Los Angeles?"
"They're saying that they have more than the PBS footage..."
"She should of told a girl with her tits and her tummy showing to cover up..-.-.."
"How is anyone surprised that working women voted for Romney? Santorum's education plan requires women go home to school their kids!!!"
"I feel safe because Jim Cantore is in Pennsylvania."
"The eggs yesterday were stuffed with candy (more than the kids needed, in truth)"
"Indeed. I'm opting for slacks & layered tops because I'm always hot, want to be comfy, look professional by day and cute by night!"
"Steven Jackson"
"hey nothing wbu ???"
"Happy Wednesday Stinky Fans!!! The weather around here is BEAUTIFUL today, go out and enjoy it with some Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!"
"Hahaha! I mean #ArchesNationalPark - see disclaimer in profile! RT On my to do list: #Arches NP"
"My first ep: \"Smith and Jones\" My second ep: that series finale"
"two diff computers playing diff music, and I sit in the middle... LOL"
"he's a bit older but nothing Hollywood hair and make-up can't hide. Tom Hardy?"
"Sounds like we're headed for a sing-off. Red Balloon on Thursday?"
"It was We'll b able to thank her mad skills for this win."
"just spent the past four days exploring the city of Vancouver BC, and will spend the next week on Vancouver Island and Salt Spring Island."
"I SAID GOOD DAY!"
"I suck at this shit"
"too much dribbling & ISOs & guys are out of position because of Miami's tough defense."
"Aww thanks, and i am only a wicked cool fan cause your'e an amazing artist that i can be a fan of ;D"
"HOLY CRAP CONGRATS! we will have so many lunches, yes??"
"Hey now... If you don't want your vacation to an awkward Chi town suburb, I'd be happy to take it off your hands for you."
"i actually have a reason to live"
"You're so afraid of taking chances; how are you going to reach the top?"
"are the Colts looking defense or offense at the top of 3, WR,RB,CB??"
"I got an ipod for the first in my life last year as a gift, and the first artist albums I buy was Kimmy Blanco ##True!!!"
"GAH! SO BEAUTIFUL! That song was perfect for your voice!"
"thanks for getting my shirt!! just let me know when it's in!!"
"SENT YOU A DM PEACH :)"
"This part you think Apple would have figured out by now… really. The store down because of too much traffic?"
"Thanks for the RTs! Have a great evening!"
"\"How do you go from where you are to where you want to be? I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life.\" - Jimmy V"
"Happy Monday! Whats going on?"
"And another Brad Pitt movie?"
"Well, boo hiss to me being on antibiotics for the weekend. I'm not contagious but it means I can't drink."
"I am somebody!"
"excellent idea-the best of both worlds!"
"now where did you hear Rolling...Rolling...Rolling at?"
": Please follow me back so I can DM you for the #cfasanjose prize. Thanks!!"
"any info we can find on the Yowie ancient past legends articles or news websites etc we can read up on?"
"Whatever you'll be doing in Missouri... Count me in. It's drivable from my part of the world."
"Well no, not really actually"
"TTU FOOTBALL: Benford to sign with Dallas Cowboys - Cookeville Herald Citizen"
"better make it two."
"Real Estate at Black Cat! Let's see what they're all about..."
"markmoskal is on twitter."
"Ok, so I'm pretty happy #imtalkingaboutyou #evenwiththis10pagepaper :)"
"check ya dm"
"lmao we mean late night basketball at LA. I'm down to hoop against your AAU team too; it's fun."
"Have a very merry Domo Christmas!!!!"
"At the time of the Baylor game Texas was a top 5 D in the country. Ended the season at #11 overall, #1 in Big12."
"That's unfortunate"
"Tonight was disappointing, but I guess tomorrows another day."
"gotta find you one!"
"haha sorry tabbyy where ya been!?"
"when is the beta coming? I'm ready for some podcasts on the go."
"CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN CONCERT WITH CODY SIMPSON AT CHICAGO ON FEBUARY 14 <3"
"yup I'm back in office next week so shoot me some options!"
"thanks:-) send.a link"
"Excited to begin working with Jackson's Bistro Bar & Sushi!!"
"Q: Do you Ever been kissed a guy before? Yes, only once."
"dear masterful hirshhorn twitterer, i'm looking for an image of Song 1 when it shows playing cards blowing around. can you help?"
"I'm sick of bitch ass dudes tryin to fuck up something cuz they jealous they can't have it"
"only if we can do earlier. Gota work tomorrow"
"I feel like a Dumb ass without it /:"
"About to make it a Tasteful Evening at Bell Harbor"
"like your blog! Yea for RAW!"
"\": Some Shit Jus Better Left Unsaid ,\""
"Good times watching \"Lovers\" at Teatro de la Luna tonight!"
"SOX CUBS BULLS FIRE & HAWKS ALL WIN TODAY!!! Yeah Chicago!!!"
"I just sent you an e-mail to chat about advertising on Would love to connect when you have the chance!"
"random dude in my coffee shop travels in downtown Dallas"
"Dispatches from VR - Downloading Mass Effect 3 demo."
"Good luck to in her soccer game"
"because I'm here? :D"
"lol! That is the exact same website my dad pulled up. :)"
"thank you :D you work tomorrow?"
"Its about that season"
"INFO LINE RINGING OFF THE HOOK ABOUT #BODI TONIGHT. KEEP EM COMING 9192017251"
"#iwishicould fuck one of these fine bitches I'm following...."
"Via , Douglas County lineman Blake Nowland has been offered by CU."
"Not if you haven't gone to sleep yet"
"my cousin is watching the bachelorette during the #NBAPlayoffs. Who do I talk to about getting his man card revoked?!!"
"Hey Melissa! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)"
"I think I look at twitter much while I drive. #imhomealready?"
"\" How you tell me I can't be a star when my Father made the Solar System\" -- any body seen \"Blessed & Cursed\"?"
"Back where"
"Hey you Wild Things, take your lunch to plaza today at 1pm for #SendakStorytime in remembrance of Maurice Sendak"
"Coach Warren and the Men are in the ASUN Tourney as the 8th seed! #fearthefin. Let's Go!!! Play belmont on wednesday!!!"
"Just saw my neighbor drive there car into the side of the garage. To funny!"
"#ff feeling good"
"Hopefully people have learned their lesson and will vote these REPUBLICAN bums out of office when they are up for re-election!"
"its homicide"
"what?! You're going to tell me you didn't have an Abercrombie viser too, aren't you."
"Excellent news! You deserve it!"
"Warning--do not use #PAYPAL! Went to Paypal yesterday toChanged my info too. Had 250$ stolen from my bank."
"I guess were all as fucked as we should ever be than. I say embrace it..."
"I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die"
"In Washington DC for Hill Day."
"It's snowing in Seattle and there are some crazy drivers out there. Almost died getting home from my evening workout."
"oh.. Yeah, that's troublesome. How far you away from me? We gotta a rockin worship team"
"Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE;"
"omg. We should have one soon. I miss you too."
"Stepping in glass and shit."
"Hand fully recovered - found a label for last year's \"365.52.12\" CD Project - things are happening! Hibernation is over!"
"I definitely get less points than you two. At least I was home sick."
"Never live life in fear of death"
"Any body remember when U of I was relevant??"
"be with someone who makes you happy...."
"he actually came to one of my classes once. funny guy."
"preparing Bellona Destroyer of Cities for MAC Creteil's Exit Festival...."
"Karl's incredibly wise. RT : Karl Pilkington is unquestionably the greatest man alive."
"NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC. (cont.)"
"Well that's what we're gonna win then. I'm excited!!! I MISS YOU SO FREAKING MUCH."
"I'm off to Spain! But fear not, in 2 weeks I'll be back to brighten your day with happy tweets. In the meantime I'll be snapping castanets."
"Praying for you guys!! Hope you Feel better"
"Ah, Louisiana Tech leaves the WAC, but New Mexico St. could join the Sun Belt to replace Denver. Gotta keep absurdly long commutes in place."
"ah that is madness but i will see you less than a week! and good luck!"
"“: Thanks! :) RT As far as I'm concerned can moderate a bowl of jello and I'd listen. #LMA12”"
"prove it."
"rock star? RT #VMworld presentation entry: do I put Speaker Type as Blogger/Partner/? ?"
"Let's make it 3 in a row."
"That's the spirit! really inspiring RT : Psalm 73:26 My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart..."
"I love salsa music!"
"direct message bo"
"#itsboring when yhu are about to play cards with yhur parents...haha"
"things happen"
"Then why u listening."
"School is out! What are your plans for Winter break?"
"Oh f*** you UPS, we all remember the pass too."
"You too!"
"Sunburned from yesterday ... can't complain though, at least it finally feels like"
"TY for the follow! Los Angeles IS what you make it!"
"Hahahaa OH! OR The Brave Little Toaster!"
"Will be in the Hyatt from here on out."
"Game tonight should be fun"
"Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!"
"“Fear always springs from ignorance.” Ralph Waldo Emerson... \"Fear is the mind killer.\" Frank Herbert, Dune"
"Where do the people who work at the post office come from?"
"Good reports on Max Pacioretty so far."
"got you man"
"hope everybody is enjoying the freakin' freedom that is fall...."
"Just tap it in, jus tap it in"
"Thank for the follow Andre!"
"haha I do too, don't get me wrong... just a funny observation."
"Ikea to sell low-cost LED bulbs from Lemnis"
"Thanks so much. The SWF download worked great and it showed up in Prezi... you guys rock!"
"You know those moments when you're suddenly, inexplicably so frickin' happy with the world and your life? Yup. Right there. :D"
"how nice! I'm doin some work from home..always looking for new opportunities!"
"Wow my mom is buying me McDonald at 10:30 at night"
"Jesse St James looks like he's my age. Not good, #Glee. Not good."
"Who's dressing as saints fans for Halloween? We are!!"
"Matt please follow me! I love u so much!"
"HiDB! U guys don't even say what'sREALLYcool! My dad&husband got a tour downstairs.Made me want 2 climbEverest #himalayan salt"
"#Monologue tip: They will probably give you an adjustment in your audition. Adjust easier by learning your monologue by rote ﬁrst."
"Good to know advil pms no longer have an effect on me"
"Looking forward to #THATCampVA today"
"H.O.E.S = Happily Offering Everyone Sex"
"We're planning some digital humanities speed dating at UF to kick-start some collaborations. Has anyone tried this?"
"Love the Crooked Ale's HH!"
"“: #DECALDA changed my life. Never have I felt so motivated.”"
"so that means text me back or get stomped."
"thank you!"
"love the show, watched every episode multiple times, but never live. Usually not home and like fast forwarding commercials"
"you will! 😄no worries!"
"He had the Shit on lock but now I'm the key holder"
"My cat, who can read, just said acerbically, \"and the problem with that is what?\""
"really? William Byrd is closed tomorrow because of a freakin' sinkhole."
"School. A place I really don't want to go! -_-"
"Thanks for the $10"
"Brookline Arts Center Captures the Crown at Boston's 4th Annual Extreme ... - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)"
"are those fosters' kids?"
"the pool at sxsw at the hotel.. that shit was not that cold."
"dats good auntie"
"well I will definitely see you at Warped! I will have tacos in the morning lol"
"Who says you're NOT beautiful?"
"who the hell is Nico still standing Schwanz?"
"i got hacked"
"Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle Northbound I-35 at 38 1/2 St"
"I do my best thinking in the shower. Coincidentally, or maybe not, I do my best beating in there too..."
"Google-Oracle jury clashes on one point"
"never mind no city cuz my gay ass mom is too lazy..."
"Thanks for the RT. Thank you for supporting your community AND Las Vegas Cash Mob! Maybe we'll see you there."
"PARISH has a special treat for you this weekend...Can you say \"Eden Farm's Acorn Fed Pig!\" Stay tuned 4 for more details!"
"Before you ask we already taped On Ellen tomorrow ;)"
"I have decided to drink more green tea"
"YOUR ON 98.3!!!! ahhaI just got 2 copies of your album(;"
"what's up"
"So excited - my Rose bag is set to arrive on Monday! Cannot wait to put my new Nikon D70S inside :):):)"
"ill give it a whirl!"
"Welcome to Twitter..Go HaWkS"
"Here's a shout out to all the Vancouver expats out there! I'm so homesick right now. I miss my #Canucks !"
"its running this account"
"You are lost in your perceptions, emotions and thoughts. You remain a captive of your own body, mind and intellect."
"Congrats to the #KentuckyWildcats moving on the championship game. They should win it all."
"Amen!!! RT : DEATH TO NERD GLASSES!!!"
"Thanks! Dinner by the hubs is making up for the day o' meetings :)"
"And I'm calling it a night."
"haha then it shall come to past!"
"The Rage would like to welcome their first sponsor of the 2012 season. Spirits Pub and Grill in SM! Thanks for your support."
"You are very welcome. Does Metro Lexus sponsor or participate with any groups that promote entrepreneurism in NE Ohio/Cleveland?"
"#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty prefer Google and using found resources as is"
"oh good! Glad to see some people agree haha"
"2day in : Council discusses charter revisions; ZAP adds restrictions to S Austin condos; Council considers decoupling"
"We couldn't have said it better!! \": Miami's starters are getting outplayed by Chicago's bench.\""
"Broadband SHOULD be a societal approach but it's piecemeal at the library."
"I'm enjoying it."
"People please make the right decision. Think things through."
"different approach to personalization: \"person-to-person interactions, if done right can even scale \""
"However flawed FB is, no other platform positioned to supplant it. Seriously, wWhere else will investors put money--MySpace?"
"RT : We're getting ready to head out to for the Garden for the Community planting!!"
"There Good at the end of this rainbow you will will always work and have some who needs you and the love of business Rt crying baby"
"Heritage beats CA in boys lax's first round of playoffs, 11-9."
"At the beach(: wiith baby charlie!"
"fell asleep on my computer at 2 am :/ only have one more page to do though but still a ton more to write for it to be borderline decent"
"9 Day of school left #senior12 Lets just get this over with(:"
"Thanks for your lovely RT's Lori :)"
"Completely empty Starbucks, guy sits in a chair three feet from the bathroom. Questionable decision making OR"
"I'm tweeting so much today. So this is what it feels like to be"
"Told my parents about #smash. Now they're making me watch the pilot with them."
"Well, your daughter's so cute, and I'm sure her Birthday will be a lot of fun; Mother's Day can be fun too..you'll be ok :)"
"i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 23"
"Enjoyed catching up with about her new role and where Twitter is looking to evolve. Lots of opportunities 4 brands/agencies."
"Only watching ANTM's All-Stars because they brought back"
"Sonny Skyhawk asks why are the first people on this land the last at the entertainment table?"
"Vegas, hence the twit name. ;)"
"Omg dont even get me started... SO EXCITED !!!"
"Still need a #SQL Server based #Data #Warehouse #Developer for a very exciting internet company in SF"
"so excited for the Ep coming soon"
"And then in 2010 when he had the chance, he had one of his cold streaks which hurt."
"Best epic moment of the day: texting my friends about ninjas. Haha freaking love it :D"
"\"The discovery of greatness in her legs came too late for the kind of dreams a younger woman might have.\" Use my 1 NYT article: ol' runner."
"Congratulations on winning the Glen Broom scholarship, ! Cheers to lots of success ahead in the #pr industry!"
"Yes, it's a fabulous way for an author to add personal texture their story. Tx for your interest, Hal!"
"180 dbs of sound pressure are created to scare fish into the Humpback's bubble net! That's like an airplane!"
"Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops."
"well, I believe that a pool party at your house is well overdue. Don't mind if I invite myself over... hah!"
"We're probably the coolest and best apartment matching service you know. Just call us The Love Doctor of #apartment pairing. ;)"
"we usually need coffee to stay awake and alert! You should have given up ALL ALCOHOL......"
"Summer of the Shark: I am seeing real footage of an 8yr old getting attacked by a shark! His right arm and leg are off!"
"what's with the price swing in the case of cheddar vs. others on AMZN? I'm ready for my 3rd case and I'm distraught."
"ur so angry that the bulls are out aren't ya? Lol"
"depends how good the software developers are :P"
"S/o to my new follower Long time no see."
"Scotch and thin mints"
"There is a Halt for a reason. Somebody has doubt...hm let justice prevail."
"What a beautiful day out today! Today is a perfect day to __________."
"How many samples of candy does this confectionery giant give out each year? Rachel indulges at the Sees Candy Factory Sat (12/4/10) @ 8:30pm"
"next time."
"but you do dance!!"
"Hey! Me too!"
"Torn between #TeamChad and #TeamSharon. Can I have 2 votes? ;-)"
"Graeters, candy bar surrounded by ice cream. While undeniably good, no Jeni's.. kids still happy though!"
"GOVT, BANKS,INSURANCE CO: YOU ARE HERE TO SERVE US; WE ARE NOT HERE TO SERVE YOU; TREAT US IN ANY OTHER MANNER, YOU ARE FIRED."
"Everyone that sees this tell your friends to follow me ....its time to see who's real in here"
"Thanks for following us! is a huge Boys & Girls Club supporter all across the U.S. and we appreciate you!"
"Don't miss Novotus at the TLNT Transform Event! #tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!"
"Can't believe we're less than a month away from the"
"i just came across > 's channel and omg LMAOOOO!!!!!!!! ur super funny! xD"
"Good Morning World Don't forget to stop by Super Impact Super specials going on check it out"
"Missed today, about to watch it now. I know it won't be as fun without all the #uppers providing conversation"
"Grizzly man is about to get attacked by a Grizzly...go figure."
"It AINT none of your friends business."
"lol nigga got me wit the same shit after school"
"Ok, I get it. This isn't a quiet floor. Still, it's probably not appropriate for you to play booty jams over your laptop speakers."
"Archaic Age Greece begins with writing around 750 BC. Greece was not apart from the Near East as now acknowledged by classicists reluctantly"
"is there some sort of joke I'm missing?"
"The Autobarn Volkswagen of Evanston Announces Spring Sprint Event During April - TribLocal"
"enjoying my day !"
"Off to downtown DC for the #Caps home opener later tonight. GO CAPS!"
"Thank you! Please do."
"Love spending time with my family (:"
"Business in the front Party in the back .😜"
"hipmunk.com, (started by Reddit cofounder) RT : What are the best flight search engines for last minute international travel?"
"has given my cat a nickname - Keyser Soze. I'm not sure this is a term of endearment."
"Business Cards"
"Tune in2 WSOC TV tonite at 5pm to learn more abt one of the MANY incidents that has sparked a campaign against ... Pls RT"
"Shout Out To Preciate The Support - BAM!!!"
"ima go bak to sleep its to fuhken early to be up at this time on a Saturday"
"thank you ;)"
">>> I'm working ICE get ready"
"Melias decent. Used to be a Renaissance. Area is kind of quiet/dead though. You may be better off staying in midtown."
"Firefox generally does better for me."
"Are the Hunger Games a Biggest Loser spinoff?"
"aw. That's so nice!!! Well you'll have to do it one day when you're not on lockdown lol"
"RT : TwitFace Tuesday! Mention this and score a cup of clam chowder for $5. Open 11ish-4"
"Walmart in Meadville with and"
"God Morning Madison, SMBMad regulars and newbies RT : Good morning #smbmad !"
"Soon i might post things on tumblr."
"I can't beat her - well maybe once :-)"
"RT : I like how ninja turtles wear masks, good way to hide your identity. It's not like you're a giant fucking turtle or any ..."
"Anyone have some ideas for T shirts?"
"Short-sleeve warmup jackets are the new Spanjans"
"grandma jut called me a 'stupid teenager' from the other room. (yes, grandma, I can hear you.)"
"If you listen to the right music with the windows down, the #Nashville #cicadaattack provides a little extra eerie quality."
"Even the characters on that 70s show are moving on with their lives"
"My 15 year old daughter went to the circus tonight w/her older sister. She came back needing a grin-ectomy. Who would have thunk?"
"#wcphilly #day2 About to get started here at the Philadelphia Center for Architecture for WordCamp Philly Dev Day."
"Lol my Birthday Is Tomorrow April 24 Not Today! thanks For The 2 Early Happy Birthdays Thoe!"
"What comes around goes around :D"
"What a gwarn homme. Me nar see you lately"
"Let the night begin!"
"Girls at bars are super annoying. \"Like omg omg like hi whaat?\""
"Another Monday at work almost done, only 600 days to go."
"tonight. making noise and sounds on kissfm at 10pm. you should listen. it will be life altering."
"Watching Baaba Maal's captivating performance streamed via Berlin"
"and remember m is to m 😁"
"The heat is making me grouchy."
"Cannot wait to see #HungerGames tonight!"
"Happiness starts within"
"In the bed"
"I told Andy MacPhail to release Justin Duchsherer today. Apparently running a no-kill shelter for hobbled pitchers has no tax benefit."
"when ppl stick out their hand in lieu of a hug to pass the peace while saying amen to sermon on gentleness, kindness or love"
"stick in the brown ale"
"These are the nights that I even wonder why I bother cheering for the #Bucks. Simply atrocious tonight."
"So proud of my girl! She won most photogenic, best personality, & queen of her division! CONGRATS BABY GIRL!!!"
"go team Joe Jonas! That's awesome."
"Thanks so much for the RT and enjoy the PBL resources!"
"Women, children and baggage of the British prisoners will be sent to PA by ships while the men will march from Canada to Pennsylvania."
"Ok....just checking. Otherwise we might have had to say you're crazier then Charlie Sheen right now."
"What are some cute tumblr urls? I want to change mine!"
"like! Oh wait this isn't Facebook"
"I'm planning to give my humidifier some extra time off after working so hard the last few days. I think that's quite nice."
"Happy #FF to some Design friends"
"I think what I'm most excited for this summer is sleep."
"I want to go to Yen Chings Friday. Who wants to go?!"
"Sending an #FF to ! Today marks a month since yall followed me & made me the happiest girl in the whole world! Love yall! <33"
"that means alot bro please spread the word we need more likes on facebook and back to the studio we go!"
"I've got it! Sock puppets to play out private inner conflict. The puppeteers just darn."
"She would change everything for happy ever after, Caught in the in between of beautiful disaster.."
"The creatives get no play on 'The Pitch' It's all about the execs."
"s/o for the follow"
"Right on, girl. Hope to see you this summer!"
"Attention Facebook Friends!We will be removing our friend page the end of May and moving to our Like page. Like us today!..."
"okay sis and tommy message u on it"
"come teach me and I'll pay the cost of losing to u. I'm sitting alone with a dealer"
"How can that be? Didn't the kids *just* head back to school?! RT : - I know, it's almost Halloween!"
"A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. ~ Robert Frost"
"The are a lot of companies that a bad mojo. Be wary of them."
"i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died"
"OC burgers! Yum"
"u is sexy"
"NO you didn't !"
"waking up with so many knots to untangle in the morning"
"Gnome UI of Linux Mint is full of signs of trying to copy Mac OS X Lion, only in that all icons are inferior..."
"I haven't played Wii in soo long. I'm excited :D"
"You are the best graduating buddy ever!"
"You kinda annoy me more than you should."
"Check my tweets from lasts week...I posted a pic of the boots! Miss you too...have you booked your flights yet? ;)"
"thanks for the follow!"
"Hit \"LIKE\" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight"
"blah, call in sick!"
"don't be a dumbass"
"Sun is shining. Blue sky's breaking through. It is going to be a beautiful day! Are you going to join us at the Urban Bear Fair to enjoy it?"
"I don't know how NBA players can focus during commercial breaks. These dancers are giving me a headache and I'm not even on the court"
"My 24\" bright red Husky digital level just needs a Thrasher sticker for complete beauty."
"My eyes are wide-open throughout the nighttime hours to reflect on your word. Ps. 119:148 (oh to make all of Ps. 119 one big faith decree)"
"Shouts out to the guy blasting music and talking loudly to himself in the library when everyone is trying to study"
"Bus full of cops heads past protesters toward bridge. Just going home. Like me."
"Already got it planned fri is gurls night out if not tht then chill day jus for me."
"CHI-Town! I'm on the decks tonight inside from 9pm-12am! Come out for some crazy cocktails and cool tunes!"
"Happy to see so many taking advantage of our upcoming New Member Orientation on Feb. 9th. Great opportunity to meet ppl and learn about us!"
"you like little ceasers pizza , hot && ready baby ^_^ <3"
"princeton is taken so dont trip"
"Miss America 2012 ok Iowa cool"
"Teacher Librarians are VITAL in helping teachers and students learn and use technology."
"awww it's never too late to start back up again!"
"'Thanks to Most excellent' Thom Yorke"
"Au Bon Pain always teases me by putting a ton of hummus with only 4 cucumber slices. How do I eat the rest of the hummus? W/my FINGERS? OK."
"amazing night =]"
"i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there"
"ur icon = flawless"
"The Girls in the House Wii Dance Party. The Boys: Halo on the 360."
"that's y I didn't put her on fb. Cuz no one here will go to wal mart and tell"
"Good morning from PA!! Flying by to say hello. Hope you have a great week. Wishing you all the best. Take care."
"happy earth day"
"All is great! Mad OB busy but that is good! You? How is life post IK-12?"
"we're going to have to make you to sign an NDA if you're going to keep giving away our product roadmap…"
"I get it in lmao inch by inch"
"Watch at 5 & 6pm for more info on donating & collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick & his family"
"I love offensive stuff and the French. Oh wait, I'm being redundant."
"Category 4-B Winner is Mark Leshock"
"hello! Love the new name and I'm following you now. :)"
"omg he's the best. Hahaha his shoes were just amazing"
"#welcometostatenisland where everyone hangs out at the only mall around"
"Yeah. Was down in Seattle for two days to watch baseball. How have you been?"
"I wake up and mtv puts \"boyfriend\" hm."
"Gonna get a little bit sideways"
"Hecka sick though."
"thanks for the shoutout"
"Flatbread Feature: Buffalo Chickenw/ onion, tomato & ranch dressing Soups: Blood Orange & Raspberry Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable"
"Happy easter to .bring yo leftover candy to studio for #Venice crew"
"Some slang needs to be revived"
"i love glee!! i spent 4 days straight watching itt!! XD and you are my favorite character! :) please retweet me and follow!"
"I didn't know they gave out rings at the holocaust ahahah. Love this movie"
"allowed a lowlife piece of human trash, and his weak-willed wife, to adopt two once-innocent children."
"20 miles from Cleve...any chance u can leave 2 tix for my wife and I at Will Call...Nov Rain was our long as hell wedding song!!"
"Like seriously, let me screw up on my own. I'm going to have to find out on my own sometime. Don't sit here and sugar coat it for me."
"Glad to follow but need more tweets from your brilliant ! Don't you agree?"
"Can't wait to my cousin come back home! Things will be so much better! We will be inseparable, like we once were!"
"hey! Can you dm Christian too? I can't go a day without watching his vids! I even downloaded doctor stalker off of iTunes. Thx"
"that was my chocolate little man lol"
"I thank God for the newly unexpected that happens in life....& those who have contributed to make new life possible......"
"Going to call my mom on to greet her Happy Mother's Day and to ask her to do my laundry. Happening before 6p."
"Do you listen to #music at work? What's on YOUR #Humpday playlist? Right now - chugging along with a little Cut Chemist. Makes life funkier."
"RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE."
"Yeah, what's the story. My wife got an email about it, but thin on details. I fear Ohio Regents takeover"
"The most healthy reaction to life is pleasure."
"great!! Now, if only someone would map porcelain routes from China-Europe-America for me!!"
"how do I get my Spotify to stop playing Spanish and Finnish music? I only want English."
"sick bro"
"Had a good workout :)"
"Do you have what it takes. Ladies sign up for THE EROTIC CHALLENGE and lets find .com"
"thanks for the follow! Rutgers is one of my continuing and professional education clients, love working w/ your institution!"
"very disappointed in your take on #Wisconsin. If you did ANY research you'd realize these moves make complete sense."
"How about my #Flyers? 😏"
"139 cappers with their pks on tonights games posted today with 2 cons in college and NBA has Warriors & Ov and off a 5-3 cons on Mon"
"WHAT? that's just out of control! I will only honk at nice people from now on."
"Same here in Tennessee!"
"Let me know when it's fully operational..."
"Uh, that sounds cool."
"Thanks for following!"
"“: that is the best one so far adam i said in that beard is a whole hobbit village” Awesome TG!"
"U.S.A, the state of missouri:)"
"\"I'm like, 'WTF?'\" New saying. Then busting out in dance."
"Erie Island Downtown on E. 4th!"
"i guess twitter is now the hunger games! because it picks random celebrites and killing them off!"
"movin to alaska...*sniff* :( miss ya guys!!!!"
"Yes please most definitely yes."
"oh yeah? The food is good I like it."
"Did you know that Vitahl Medical Aesthetics is 1% of Botox injectors in the country, and considered one of the best Denver Botox offices?"
"Made 's buttered crouton salad w/avocado &smoked salmon for lunch (but dbled the avocado--bc life is short & needs more avocado."
"Might be a sleeve on the shooting arm RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband."
"thanks for the mention!"
"Thanks for following doll (: Let's not be strangers! (:"
"Thanks for the follow! Maybe we'll see you at the next Las Vegas #CashMob on April 21st. Stayed tuned for more deets!"
"hope you get invited to their trailer"
"you know, we've been talking about basically the same thing for about 3 years now.."
"re read your article about cold calls, I am attempting to do the same with a travel blog, did this allow u to close sales?"
"Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #5 on the charts of Reverbnation in rap"
"The moment your born you have less time to live your life. It's time to start living your life."
"SOX: #RedSox not messing with success, sending out same line-up against #Royals LHP Danny Duffy. Daniel Bard for Boston. 8:10 start."
"I checked out ya video shit was hot"
"hanging out with the mom today"
"frontrow sports in Vegas We just happened to be there when they were opening their daily shipment the guy was shocked they got any"
"im so sorry I just have to say this your surper freaken HOT ;]"
"ATL BECAUSE IM WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW LOL WEIRD"
"I love it when you fight. Fight Night in Vegas is off the chain."
"What was your favorite wine that you had a chance to sample?"
"I know a guy going to see Van Halen tonight. Those guys arent young anymore. Even worse- Kool & The Gang is opening for them! Ha!"
"Thanks for making my morning with your 2012 campign playlist! OFA.BO/pHpWYy :: it's on spotify!"
"Up early lots of errands to do. Blah"
"just stay away from the bottled violence."
"hope u all had a great wkend songwritn n singin in Nashville, LUV IT!"
"*Shaking my head remorsefully* I don’t know. We’ve managed to find out is that she ran out on her husband about four months ago."
"It's starting! Mother's Day Makeover & See it live @ 9 am on"
"Did you see Santorum talking about the \"Republican Aristocracy?\""
"The greatest gift you can give this Christmas season is Jesus. No shopping, wrapping, or frenzy required!"
"With apologies… If anyone has a moment, pls check email for brief call for assistance on behalf of prof."
"you. o.o"
"Kid inks new song standing on the moon reminds me why he's my favorite!"
"Congratulations to for proving that only a real Christian can win the heart of a real American."
"'Journalism is sometimes about footnotes, we write something small to say something big'"
"shoutout to my new and old followers!!"
"Although that \"puppy\" face is funny, I'm going to change it to my icon."
"THEY ARE RIOTING IN LONDON AND ALL OVER ENGLAND IF THAT SHITHITS HERE HOW WILL YOU REPRESENT!!!!!!!!"
"We're looking forward to the August edition of ! It will be Farm to Plate Restaurant Week and you can read all about it!"
"I hate timid ass drivers! Grow some balls and drive!!! Or stay home! UGH!!!"
"New topic - Upgrading to E-M5 or Switch to Nikon D7000"
"#Chopped is playing the theme music from #Halloween. Surely, the entree wasn't that bad."
"Well this really sucks! I have a cold! :'("
"Sweet!! RT : In honor of our 10th anniversary, #happyhour is extended til 9pm ALL MONTH!!! Come and get it!"
"Some GREAT thinkers frm"
"On this day in 1800 Congress approved a bill establishing the Library of Congress. I've used its collection; God bless Congress."
"that's kinda what I was figuring!!"
"some people never cease to amaze me."
"\"So What Instrument Do You Play?\" Smh I Am The Business Behind The Operation, Not The Talent..."
"Wow! Does that person need a hug???"
"GOD IS A DJ, LIFE IS A DANCEFLOOR, LOVE IS THE RHYTHM, YOU ARE THE MUSIC! RT"
"Edition Georges Chakra and Ports 1961 fashion shows were both great! Now time for Fashion's Night Out!"
"Sunny and warm Saturday. Bring a bagchair, bike & make a morning centered around the Market. Weekly entertainment & free parking garage"
"part 1 was good(:"
"I'm going to be late for my fucking orientation. Mother!! Hurry up with my damn pills!!"
"Never get too comfortable, you'll get a rude awakening."
"any word on your car?"
"I Don't Juss Love BTR Because Of Who They Are, But Who They've Become Over All These Years. Still Four Normal & Humble Amazing Guys <3 (:"
"Beautiful. Is it a boy? (you said \"he\") And when is he/she due?"
"Playing darts and drinking 50 cent beer."
"My darlin' baby.."
"Man I tell you !!! SMH"
"Doing diabetes section in your medic class and you just wanna skip the section cause you're already a pro on it... #diabeticslife 😔"
"Harry Potter deathly hallows part 2 nominated for 3 oscars."
"Okay. Is it just me, or did get fucking sexy..."
"'Member thirsty boy from the set we worked on? Y he gon' text me 2 say his bro opening up 4 Ray J... What?! Lmao. Smh..."
"haha oh, more statuses about checking out girls? G, I think we need to have a talk."
"I #FollowYou you follow me(:"
"#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a male victim's life spiraling out of control."
"if go 2-3 the last 5 games of the season will have to go 5-0 to force 1 game playoff."
"Neotame (Pronunciation [NEE-oh-taym]) is an artificial sweetener that is 8,000 times sweeter than sugar."
"Didn't get on twitter alot today but I promise I'll be on more for the rest of the week :)"
"I don't want to worry about my girlfriend talking to other guys and shit. Relationships are too stressful."
"Development We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it"
"gawd, I know the feeling."
"THIS WHOLE ALBUM."
"About to pig out for birthday !"
"# HATERZ are like ANTS. They're EVERYWHERE and they're way more AFRAID of YOU than YOU should be of THEM... Happy Monday!"
"at penn brew u 2012. i might be an alcoholic."
"have a gr8 race! RT : Back from to get my packet and some shiny new shoes too! Weather looks good for t"
"Hey rushers go and follow go if u have'nt already :D"
"#askSarah What's it like being with Alex? Y'all are too cute. :')"
"Paul Pierce the best player on the Celtics"
"Obama pledges tough enforcement of Wall Street reforms"
"I am getting.."
"I dont work anymore in Golds Gym - Eastern and Serene. i changed the location.... for my new clients ,contact me for details. Thnks"
"Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . ♥"
"i'm finna act up"
"Statistically, your chances of winning the lotto are not measurably improved by buying a lottery ticket."
"I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated."
"All I do is play 2k lol"
"HB1150 would evaluate schools in a similar way that MCCOY assesses youth programs - thx Amy Carter"
"I last peed on another continent."
"What are the safest countries, cities, & towns to live in? Which of them have the least amount of crimes? The end of money will end crimes."
"glad you like it!"
"Just let my love Adorn you"
"just to tell u that this is stupid and I don't wanna go weeks without talking to u,erase that crap u wrote and cut on Skype"
"I was happy :)"
"nothing against finding people. But telling people to call 242-COPS and passing it off as a headline deserving investigation?"
"Ima ima make u my bitch,"
"SCORE! That's some badass looking gear!"
"By the way! I LOVE THE SITE!"
"N btw your hair looks awesome!"
"So, Cormac McCarthy is the best ever, right? I'm not alone in this?"
"lucky you!;)"
"#TrueStory when I'm not home for a few hours,sumtimes I call my house&leave a msg so my dog can hear my voice!LMAO is this normal behavior?"
"I deserve the best, & I will find it."
"The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it"
"checked all your sites. Ready when you are. ;)"
"I'll be fangirling at the airport. :D so exited for my cousin's arrival!! :D"
"And to clarify, again, the event is on the 24th NOT the 31st. Please spread the word :)"
"85 bus is 35 minutes late and counting"
"Do something amazing this weekend."
"Cool, I'm watching basketball"
"You guys slow dancing?"
"Okay. Are you still \"with\" Courtnee?"
"Marshall-ism of the Day: Relationships are like teeter-totter scales. They come together because each side balances the other."
"or, that should be a question: \"wanna go sit in Tenochtitlan & cry?\""
"I'm working 1130-6...come see me?"
"Sansa is growing on me."
"“I was homeless, but I wasn’t hopeless. I knew a better day was coming.” Chris Gardner"
"Last year's flood was a huge headache, but the grass in my backyard that was submerged (and then some) looks nice and green. Silver lining!"
"#ImSingleBecauase I try to hard to get with a girl"
"my balls hurt. i mean the balls of my feet of course. i might have to rock some flats at mad planet tonite and give the balls a break."
"Staying at the Nathan Hale Inn again. Hope they #getitright this time"
"Heading to #RutgersUniversity New Brunswick campus to talk on group panel & talk to Library Science students on #UserExperience Research!!!"
"I just finished a 6.56 mi run with Nike+ GPS."
"my total workout time per week is currently < 3 hrs."
"I'd like everyone to please fuck the fuck off."
"I'm shaaawasted !"
"“ looking for a #chicago realtor!”"
"Thanks, Sadhbh!!! This could be a game changer."
"Thanks 4 the follow! Great to connect with you!"
"Ready to get 18 in with Daddio."
"Thanks for RT'ing my single! :)"
"You, sir, are ambitious!"
"Thanks. Not much different from other name generators -- no lateral, associative thinking, just word blends."
"Santa Fe is a little out of my budget for travel. It does look like a great place to visit. I may venture there eventually. Thks."
"Definitely bout to get darker!"
"Why you no follow me?!"
"Why is Batman Return on CMT?"
"are you trying out for season 12??"
"Thanks to my family, friends, and supporters. The Mayor's race is over, but the work to rebuild Baltimore continues."
"Wilco sounds like a toy company and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot sounds like a fox-racing game of some kind. That was my initial assumption."
"I KNOW i've been workin all weekend :("
"Grabbed my , made it to Farmers Market, then home for last hour of It's the start to a great weekend."
"what happened to summer?"
"The start of another long day, but I've gotten one thing accomplished already! TGIF Everyone!"
"i'm a little behind on my WaxPo's...ima have to check for it."
"have a fantastic Friday!"
"We gon drank.. We gon smoke.. We gon Party!!!... All b4 the sun even go down... We got it GOIN ON!!!"
"Damn, I hope you're feeling right soon..."
"great work today!"
"Starting a new anthro/archeo list if anyone is interesting. Suggestions? Any ideas for ways to meld the LIS/Info degree with anthro?"
"ha my sister just sent me that...I think in hopes I'll move out there with her! It's be a cool job though"
"oh I ask nerds to do mine"
"just received my copy of 660 Curries and a sprouting jar lid :-) I can't wait to dig into this cookbook."
"so meta? This must have something to do with"
"i really need to buy some more snacks for work. i'm all cleaned out... and hungry."
"I definitely need to find time to write up that piece on the flex classroom we built at UMW..."
"Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck? People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him."
"aaawwww & I wish I Had a dog -_-"
"Hunger boredom want to be the worlds fattest man, all are great reasons to eat!"
"\": okay is it just me or is the music from Burlesque crazy good? #toughlover\""
"plz follow me back im your biggest fan plz follow"
"I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to infertile women. I'm sure you would have been great."
"Hip Hop is my cry for help, the acceptance that i never felt/ the weaker me that reaches out, while the crowd outside just claps and shouts."
"good!:D"
"We truly believe justice for Trayvon is the first step to justice for all of us!"
"Fireworks were kindaa amazing, all in amazing company <3"
"That's an old doll. ;)"
"pretty wild eh?"
"Daily quote: \"Taxpayers need to know that major projects will be delivered to time & to budget\" Francis Maude, Cabinet Minister"
"Thanks to all of the KILLER kudos we received at the benefit today! We were PROUD to play for GREAT people for a GREAT cause!!!"
"Happy New Year everybody!"
"“: Nobody will change until they want to, so stop frustrating yourself by trying to change other people. Pray, and let God work!”"
"I have on good authority that is currently making it rain at a Louisville gentlemen's establishment."
"I'm staying home to watch it!"
"Organizations have personalities as people do. #amigosplots (what do your orgs conversations convey? What is your orgs personality?)"
"dinner impressing as expected. Katie Rose's cocktails blowing me away. When's this place opening for real?"
"I hate the Yankees."
"RT : Tonight is Taco Night at the mix!! cc"
"Don't judge me for being a slut. Judge me for fucking your boyfriend."
"We are too! RT “: I'm pumped for . and . tomorrow night at .”"
"did you live there or were you just a visitor?"
"Hey girlfriend! Ooh...I have many looks! Depends on my (and my hairstylist's) mood. You're welcome.."
"Congrats Geek God for the fabulous EW cover and story. When Firefly gets resurrected, I will be the first to tune in!"
"I make a mean oatmeal."
"Ryan won't be around when the Mariners contend. At best, platoon him with Seager at shortstop."
"arent they making another one ? Oh wait.. I think thats footloose. Nvrmnd. Lol"
"The door of opportunity won't open unless you do some pushing."
"Great evening at USF-FW Nursing Pinning Ceremony. Congrats to our ASN, BSN, & MSN graduates!"
"Why can't it be the way it used to be...."
"'Hadoop' is the new 'algorithm'"
"- what's on the training agenda for this gorgeous weekend?!"
"\"She said keep both feet on the floor next time.... WHAT WAS I FLYING?!\""
"Bling Johnson Show! Season 2 Premier on KBVO TV at 9:30. Watch Party @ Uncle Billy's on Barton Springs! Come hang @ 8:30 PM #LetsGetFamous!"
"I am now going to use the phrase \"battle dress\" as often as possible."
"*All I ever wanted/ All I ever needed is here in my arms/ Words are very unnecessary/ They can only do harm.... Enjoy the silence......*"
"My work is supposed to come out cooler since I'm working from Starbucks, right?"
"A lot of disasters are happening around the world and Obama cares about his view's on gay marriage, what a faggot"
"Did you Move to Miami??(:😘"
"Can the scientists please invent something to keep people from spooging about politics all over your facebook page? K thx bye"
"back at Delirium for a 2nd night... met some welcoming people there, so I wasn't just some creeper at the bar tonight."
"Peter Tosh (The Wailers) was murdered in his home in Jamaica on this day in 1987."
"LET'S GO BULLS!! STAYING ALIVE! LET'S BRING IT BACK TO CHI TOWN FOR GAME 7!!!"
"Is there anything DIDN'T win?"
"And a Barnes and Noble... but JTown has Tulune's Southside!"
"RT : Thanks!! You do the same. :) RT : Hope everyone has a great Friday!"
"Blackstar performing at the House of Blues September 7th...Finally GOOD hip hop comes to Dallas"
"thanks for coming out!"
"Why do airports trick u to think gate C10 should come after gate C9 but it's actually about a mile past that by C19?"
"Thank Edwin 4 the #ff! have a good weekend"
"Pittsburgh and fans! Pbs is showing le mis 25th anniversary sunday night at 7!"
"Getting some ink done today. 😄"
"People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backwards to their ancestors. -Edmund Burke"
"haha same here"
"#projectrunway 100% happy with the results. Just like last week."
"was that to anyone in particular? :)"
"I do a killer British accent. Lol"
"Suggs ripping his achilles is terrible news for that Ravens D, especially with an aging Ray Ray."
"Finally finished and sent out my update. Sometimes the hardest person to support is yourself, ironically"
"can you give us another spoiler to the finale? please!"
"Yu kno it feels nice outside when all the birds chirping and singing"
"that is quite the new patient gift !"
"lol and i would! you can just call me the postman!"
"i didn't know that about cats. thanks for the history lesson. go grays!"
"How many times this week have you gone to OG ??"
"happy friday to you! We are doing well! Happy to finally be open and serving the community delicious meals!!"
"If I decline your friend request more than once, you should take the hint."
"Enjoy them below, and if another quote didn’t make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments"
"text me!"
"hahah well thanks :)"
"There is a difference between rules and Mandates, I can choose my own health care and light bulbs"
"for for sharing the Magic Button. It has come in handy at least twice today."
"id rathe go to hell"
"Dude! Need a manager? I watched your 2 vids. Still needs some work but I definitely see some potential. Lemme know, bro!"
"Secret Society"
"Really What Happened... Lighten Up My Night!!!"
"yup it was good lol"
"You can take the boy out of Wisconsin ...."
"oh yeah, bourdain is the shit"
"More than 60% of the keg was gone. Correct?"
"Im sick in the middle of summer -__- wtf?"
"The freaking Clippers into the second round. What's next? The Browns going to the Superbowl?"
"We are now running a special #photography rate - $50 per hour! Contact us for details soon :)"
"When someone compliments you and you can't stop smiling like an idiot:)"
"almost lunch time and then off the desk for the rest of the day. hooray!"
"Oh... Happiness :)"
"little girl in donut shop w/ her dad; me w/ mine years ago."
"i just added all my followers again L ya all"
"I don't know how any could listen to Tool's 10,000 Days and not hear an artistic masterpiece....."
"haha too bad 4 me Amber ;)"
"Have a wonderful and safe holiday weekend #Chicago!"
"followed, and omg thanks for the likes"
"RT : you just won a follower! Thank you! ^NB I really appreciate it!"
"her cuteness overides the attitude! lol"
"Um qoinq to bed !!!!"
"So that's ur opinion"
"We didn't get in trouble"
"Don't bother arguing. You said what you thought happened"
"Whenever i do something wrong i just blame Nolan"
"then I'll forget to put it in"
"Write for the chunk, not for the page. -"
"Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2012 ... - MarketWatch (press release)"
"When I get off tonight I'm going straight home and sleeping."
"that is AWFUL....best wishes for him and you.... so sorry!"
"m the White Sangria is coming back in a few weeks!"
"I don't like it when someone puts my \"\" in a tweet that makes it seem like I'm praising something that I'm not. Not cool."
"CastingDNA.com signs several Casting Directors"
"RT You looked good until I clicked 'view more pictures' ......Lol"
"Oh My God! That would be amazing. Where are we all right now? Can we make a date for Azul in May? Or drink Mate?"
"Whats the difference between a virgin and a washing machine? The washing machine doesnt follow u for two weeks after dumping a load in it!,"
"You are an ugly a lie you know I love you friend <3 :)"
"My Man is ALL THAT & THEN SOME!!!! He is working so hard today... So I'm up making him breakfast to take to his job. :-)"
"thank u nikki! :)"
"Did I miss the memo... is it no longer acceptable to write X-mas as a shorthand to christmas?"
"is the website down right now?"
"I can't WAIT to go to Florida again this August !<3"
"I watched Star Trek last night and I cannot look at Spock the same after I watched Heroes."
"Just saw a plug for Nirvana's 20th anniversary of \"Nevermind\" box set - looks sweet!!! Makes me feel old balls though..."
"First overtime is scoreless between Kansas and A&M in San Antonio. One more OT left, if tied after that we go to penalty kicks."
"Wow, lots of people jumping on board to speak Spanish this year! Managers, employees.. An idea whose time has come...www.CalaAcademy.com"
"could you join us in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk possible Bulls/Rockets trade? on live 5-9 am. ty."
"she wants to talk about my dad's failure to eat well. endlessly."
"still casting"
"#SomeWhereOutThere is a woman who wants to tear Mitt Romney apart. HAHAHAHA!!!!"
"The drinks is on me the weed is all free"
"Thank ya, kind sir!"
"Took you long enough big bro..do you remember me?!?!"
"If I claim to not be a fan of Tom Cruise, why do I own so many of his movies?!"
"Poetry is going to kill me."
"haha love u back RT “: I love the fact that talked on the radio about almost peeing her pants!! Lmao love you lys”"
"No. Federal judges are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate before taking their place on the bench."
"#808PRIDE here! Its about 11:33pm and were up waiting on the ICONIC BOYZ haha crazy crazy crazy TWEET US:)"
"Hey I had a ball at in ATL - seeing Ed do Unchained and Light Up the Sky at soundcheck was worth price alone - thanks"
"Boy, I tell you, the religious sector ain't looking too bright these days. This is just sad."
"Wish I could, but I won't be able to get away from the office. Thanks for the invite! It sounds hella fun."
"He got horns on the hood of his caddy, cruisin round town"
"Just got my computer all fixed up....Took them 2 hrs over internet... www.mycomputerworks.com mcw"
"Well gosh...thanks Jerryn!! RT Now being followed by my favorite local architect (other than myself :-)"
"I know right?"
"dance in the rain"
"Sorry about all the random posts. I'm still trying to figure it out. Just don't click on any of the links. Thanks."
"oy vey that doesn't sound good at all. I've heard of liquid diets. But its obvious that's not your case. Feel better soon."
"I have some pictures of your girl I took with my 35mm when I was there a while ago . What's your email"
"YOU are amazing! Much ❤"
"In a just world, there would be no repercussions for me turning around and punching the Sabres fan behind me in the jaw. Repeatedly. Unt ..."
"Agreed. Perfect champs."
"Your mind says 'quit' but your spirit says NEVER!"
"And GOD himself only knows WHO Else??? Beautiful She is, But Not so smart"
"Blessed to see another day, blessed to rise again..."
"Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you a great night and"
"Couldn't agree more! RT : Don't be afraid to ask for help :)"
"I used to like #Adele until she was played on the radio what seems EVERY other song"
"Last day at the visitor center! How crazy!"
"you go girl!"
"Likewise Ryan, see you Saturday!"
"Creating a new you for the New Year? Updated sunglasses and eyewear are the perfect accessory!"
"If you would like an interview with me! You should contact my management team or one of my publicists!!<3 you all rock!!"
"I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...and I also know that I'm not blonde. - Dolly Parton"
"neoliberalism, hegemonic, and ideology all in one sentence! ah, american studies, there you are..."
"Got an email from my Mom saying that she was sailing past the Strait of Gibraltar. She's on her way to Barcelona!"
"I farted so much on last night idk how she doesn't have pink eye"
"Wiskullsin/Eastsider Brewer Bus Tour. May 19. Stay tuned for details..."
"#floggingmolly is the order of the evening."
"Keep dem squares up out ya circle"
"Show sum FB LOVE...\"Like\" Passion Parties by Treco!"
"Of course! Look forward to meeting you"
"i-i know that"
"Will you be mi amor.? <3 ~"
"Cried three times tonight"
"No light in The Room.. Keep it this way.."
"Nice! Bring us a W"
"You wanna talk about it? I'm up for some conversing..."
"Omg I love it when parents look at their cell phones and then there head sgo back like a lot lol"
"Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!"
"if anyone is spring cleaning, i'm collecting clothes to donate to"
"Is Chip Kelly really going to the Bucs? #Pac12 is now up for grabs!"
"new piercing ?? i think soo.!"
"OH : killed my battery in 3 hours. it needs to be smarter."
"then you can go tell the whole world how you sorry life got this person to block because they stupid"
"I can't stop smiling!"
"LL LIP LICK HAND EXSTENDED CUM HERE 4 A MIN I GATA THING 4 THICK HIPS BROWN EYES CHANNEL 5 LIPSTICK N U CAN B MY MISSIES BETTER YET MY MISTR"
"said it best in #welldone! Just wanna make it to heaven. Just wanna make it in! That's being and icon in the kingdom!"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"Congrat's on your Pregnancy! Bn following you for over 2years! Luv your products (2.5yrs natural). Plz support & follow us!"
"It's better to be rejected for who you are than accepted for who you're not."
"that is funny... I close my eyes, but nothing happens."
"Shes always seeing some other guy's dick then making a lame excuse...."
"I'm about ready to shoot. I like three 6 mafia 'stay fly' music video got to be very rythmic."
"Don't call for the next two hours - we're heading out for our annual holiday lunch!"
"I've only been on Facebook until now. It's going to take some time to figure out Twitter. LOL!"
"expect something in the mail c:"
"Respect co-creators of content. Don't dismiss character histories they have created."
"Like many Rochesterians, I owe my whole existence to #Kodak - my parents met there while working!"
"Wish I was on the plane with and her team for headed to Rwanda again. How I love that place!"
"damn, wish I was there. For though, I may just drive over right the F now!"
"Disappointed. I have tickets for 5/12 and looked forward to it. More worried about Brooks. A childhood hero."
"Made your fried smashed potatoes to go w/ dinner tonight-OH BABY! So good & what a hit! Nxt-rice pudding; love for breakfast!"
"Party rockers <3"
"Don't miss Incubus performing LIVE 9/13 w/ guest Tickets on sale , Box Office (M-F 10-4) or call 800-745-3000"
"Thank you, sir!"
"Oatmeal raisin cookies, that look like they have chocolate chips in them is the reason I have trust issues"
"?!?!?!? I'm just about to leave though!"
"lmao Mandy :) miss you"
"Its NOON, and im still up... NO insomnia here.. LOL"
"Okay Africology, you are all that stands between me and summer. So don't take this personally, but I hate you passionately."
"ooohh i see what u did there :D"
"“Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.”~Sam Ewing"
"RT : \"Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration . . and expectation.\" -Jack Niklaus"
"I'm so glad you found a place! Fells or Fed? I'm sorry you're missing your place. :("
"sounds lyk someone I no u lol"
"don't need a phone!! She don't answer and it take her 5 days to reply to text. But let me tweet her I bet her ass be on it!👊"
"Cool! When my wife was pregnant, she'd order O'Douls & turn the label around so folks wouldn't judge! I'm great! Date?"
"3 minutes in and it's Lewis Black, not , disappointing me."
"its good for going to Cuba"
"“: RT “: its a gift I was born with”<--- shiiiittttt yeah right.”<< #weak in tears"
"Goodbye Blackberry... Hello shitty ass iphone... Again <3"
"Happy New Years!"
"Recruiters will be assigned a small number of adoptable children & will focus exclusively on finding a permanent home for each child.()"
"that's not my nationality boy byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee"
"hot yoga in an hour :) yay!"
"I know. And seen just about every marriage either fail or be dysfunctional. *sigh*"
"DeMaio says preserve existing transportation system. He says budget isn't balanced bc of road repairs."
"#MLV bidding on ya homeboy in a charity auction."
"Bet she was a cool lady."
"Woke up in a good mood which is unusual for me on a Monday."
"Only fight i want now, Manny vs Floyd. My money on Manny"
"always goes someplace, far away from me:("
"Follow me PLEASE (:"
"No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz and call me maybe"
"This is how I feel... RT Good riddance to TV. Sad people lose jobs, but that network was atrocious."
"Watching Batman Begins with Mom. Very cool way to celebrate Mother's Day."
"Total student loans in the US = ~$1 trillion. I think that makes me feel better about mine. I think."
"We have FREE Rolling Rock from 6-8pm tonight! Enough said."
"The world is my Fried Chicken Combo! I don't like Oysters. Ha."
"Damn I need me a homie, lover,friend foreal!"
"ah......... A Friday evening at the lake without children."
"its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 69"
"heading over to the mall"
"I should have, and miss you to!!<3 and yes of course ;)"
"I'm always delighted to serve the community. Get well soon! We'll see you at the next community art event"
"MUST FOLLOW ALERT! >>>>"
"Or maybe an early Arbor Day gift... That would be tree-mendous!"
"if you're able to do so, the girls at wegmans who's name tags say in russian \"i speak russian\" love when you flirt with them in it..."
"y what he do"
"Getting ready to watch"
"Yo who is abort that person is too dope"
"I know :((( lets just say, she might have stood on a spinning computer chair and fell at work haha"
"Who knew that Sofia Vergara was in so many commercials?"
"\"Al Qaeda Attack Plans Hidden In Porn Video\" #huffpost Called \"Pornance Of Arabia\""
"Obvi that was at Coachella doe"
"I need some ideas for the \"SECRET INGREDIENT\" during the Cooking with Friends: IRON CHEF class on Saturday Night! Ready go...."
"Thanks, I'm trying."
"History is so BORING!!!!!!"
"it has to do with the Denver Broncos….stay tuned for clues and details..."
"Prairie dogs are not kosher--things I learned at"
"haha he was my Facebook buddy. i removed him. he claims he spent 50 crores on his films so far."
"WHY DO YOU TOUCH MY CHIN?"
"My new office set up makes me feel like I work at CTU"
"keep trying, just keep clicking!"
"I thought Trader Joe's had small, fuzzy potatoes. Then I put on my glasses and realized they were kiwis."
"is one of the best looking men ever, he's mad sexy. on the top along with mr. timberlake. Just noticed now."
"RT if your single.."
"do you know if Napoli is staying with Rangers?"
"lol I heard all about it."
"Of course its Vintage KG!"
"Brew up some fun this weekend...Cheers!"
"At the airport, on my way to ORD for #saa11!"
"Those majestic trees of yours R 2 blame..just stepped outside here in gov ctr....hole in the clouds..yay....VERY bright moon!"
"Awe the Animals on the Today show are cute(:"
"Good looks on the mention!"
"looking forward to good times #sakefestPDX tomorrow!"
"Who is coming to Zombie prom?"
"You post statuses saying your single, in my eyes your still mine."
"right back atcha!"
"Forgot about Gooch since he got injured so early. Danny Szetela hardly counts, he couldn't make it in MLS by the time he was 23."
"Spending this beautiful autumn afternoon with the 3 B's. Burger, beer, book. Maybe a 4th B for Battlefield later on..."
"Don Cornelius (Soul Train) was pronounced dead today. Indications are that this was an apparent suicide. Pray for him and his family."
"I feel certain that if we surround him with the right cast our POTUS will do just that.He can't do it alone."
"Phone lines are now open. Be the first tonight to call in to 317-736-0950 and share your thoughts about the last week."
"Working on scene stuy hw....cool!"
"god wants your relationship with Jesus to be as easy as breathing."
"or on Sunday? Last time they met won week 13 meeting 38-35"
"Super excited to try out tonight! Any recommendations on what to order?"
"oh hell yeah!! Bacon ice cream anyone??"
"Happy hunting!"
"Tomorrow's the big day. Cape Town, South Africa!"
"Thanks! RT : Half Moon wishes all our friends in the US a happy Presidents' Day!"
"I'm jealous!"
"this guy is annoying -_-"
"thank goodness"
"seems like a pretty legit, non-ignorant, honest way to go about life"
"People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love. People throw that word around like it's nothing."
"Looking forward to the #Curacao Rum party tonight in NYC!"
"Ass shots"
"UNLV blows 18 point lead to TCU thanks to 15 turnovers. Rebels will have to tighten up if they want to make a run in the tournament."
"what's going on?"
"RIP Nate Dogg"
"RT : Just a complete sad day in the NFL!!!"
"Tru dat! RT : #Aquarians have no qualms about breaking tradition or standing up to authority"
"18th street NYC you aren't going to know what hit ya!"
": but is it really? He's a total jackass. And hates working people."
"follow me"
"I Love wall e :)"
"RT : We're going to give it all we got for the last 30 mins of the week. Come join us on KPTV at 10:58p."
"But anyway, I've been listening to a lot of Joe Pug lately. It's pretty good you guys."
"The Lombardi trophy needs a redesign, it's pretty lame compared to the Stanley Cup or even the BSC championship trophy"
"I wish I was Channel Westcoast so I could hang out with Rob Dyrdek all the time."
"I. Must. Resist. Following. Any. Kardashian. Twitter, quit tempting me with the Follow suggestions."
"This is stupid (phrase) - I suck at this and you're winning."
"Welcome to team ! I look forward to learning from you. ;)"
"consider yourself gotten when I'm back in the neighborhood."
"How much you wanna bet Austin is only going to RT people when they say they bought the new Popstar Magazine.?We all know it's true:/"
"I had a dream last night I traded/discussed music with Ben and Jerry Garcia selling Dead merch at an ajj show. Weird."
"Livestrong app kicks ass and makes me look feminine at the same time!"
"\"You are the only person I have ever loved that wasn't family\" oh my God, I just melted inside :')"
"Glad you got a laugh RT : his impression this morning was spot on! So funny"
"I'll do my best! Thanks!"
"Good morning! Tune in now to NBC6 to get your Tuesday going!"
"To Mick Foley at IMPACT WRESTLING:BRING BACK THE 6-SIDED RING TO \"IMPACT WRESTLING\"!"
"I don't like hearing that they don't treat my sister fairly."
"At 2011 regional US Forum Microsoft. Looking forward to keynote"
"So sleepy, but I'm trying to stay awake for a little longer so I don't wake up at like 9."
"Early start today, this lack of dinner service is throwing off my mental clock, not sure how I feel about it"
"I want it all back ."
"I'm not a playmate but I'd def be a claymate. Not for Clay, but for claymation.... Nvm."
"HA!! Just made it bro. Your right tho. Haha. Check you later man."
"Spending quality time w/ the Debster. She just said, \"Oh, I've wanted to see this 'Tacos for Elephants' movie for a long time!"
"- you're a couple of stalkers."
"wow can't wait for an interview with you. you know we are located in miami beach"
"thank you so much!!"
"Real good music = ________. Fill in the blank"
"Daniellla is my life saver, & got them"
"We Will Never Forget and they will never stop giving us reasons to remember. #godblessamerica and god help them if they try that shit again."
"I picked Wichita State. Had them going to the Sweet 16."
"ROFL & CGU! U guys woke me up with Your loud wrds! SMH"
"I wouldn't mind if IT won't, just cause MN is his trainer. Love him so much"
"word of the day: yawnsome. battle of the day: data-driven intelligence vs true serendipity"
"Someone obviously woke up pissed cause now I have to walk to school. -_-"
"first draft of book 3 is done. I got side tracked with the release of \"The Writer\" and \"Putsch\" in Spanish."
"So I finally build up the courage to ask out this girl and she rejected me........"
"I think I'm in love with Jayson Werth"
"My cat seems to think my downstairs neighbor is another cat."
"Hot chocolate :)"
"when's the recital?"
"Just watched Winter's Bone with my girls...Wow Jennifer Lawrence you're the #%@$"
"When your away too long, it feels as if apart of me is gone."
"Is u a white chick with no Brest?"
"There comes a point in your life when you realize: Who matters, Who never did, Who won't anymore... And who always will."
"Political science, religious studies and social services can be learned at any age at a cheaper price vide distance learning."
"Christmas ate 's phone :("
"really? O.o"
"Happy Easter Buttons Family!"
"I feel bad for anyone that isn't a student at uk!"
"O.K. Got it. Thanks."
"nice shirt :P"
"It may be invisible but trust is a very big and heavy thing."
"I seriously want to punch all the motorcyclist here. Assholes."
"it is getting high praise and great reviews. I will see if they have it for Redbox."
"Just saw 'Midnight In Paris'. Absolutely loved it. Woody Allen and Owen Wilson make a great team."
"Only 2 more months to the start of the new nba season!!! LA Lakers vs LA Clippers @ 10:30 PM EST"
"trying to concentrate on my homework & work on my new business/marketing plan, but i cant stop thinking about visiting???? hehehe! i luv it"
"I Bet If I Lick That Spot Then You Wont Act LIke That."
"Happy Birthday! :)"
"Fuck Cancer should be trending on Twitter, but it's not"
"Congratulations on the new gig. See you at !"
"how are you related to ate april joy liwanag??? i 've browsed your Baluarte Trip Pictures..so cute.:)"
"Finally got a fresh cut."
"INgrooves' Robb Wells says: The music biz needs to take back music. 's"
"think of it as double the fun. Milwaukee beer week was rough on my liver."
"Counting only weekdays... Only 13 days to Opening Day. Can't wait for the fans see the new videoboard. 6,000 sq ft of AWESOME."
"hey how is everything."
"Yess i cant wait to see her in it! shes gonna kick some ass"
"told you! You should have saw it with us when it was hyped up haha"
"is awesome and works really hard, I think cold beer in the fridge for later will be a nice gesture."
"When i see you. I loose my respect for you ."
"Hve you ever watched The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson?"
"If it were anyone but you it might be."
"You can suck a dick or you can suck on a ball sack"
"Jamie Moyer is rocking the stirrup socks this year. Which is amazing."
"- monitoring away Sensei ~"
"#imagine You: will you ever love another girl more than me? Austin: yes someday but she will look just like you and will call u mommy <3"
"is it annoying if we iterate fast & release a slightly-better version every cpl days? Should we batch them & wait a bit?"
"Waiting for Project Runway. Will post pictures tonight."
"did you see 1D yet?"
"Is it Friday yet?"
".RT all of the above : Favorite Hustle move? Star arms? Kick ball change? Booty bounce? Let's hear it!\""
"hey D-Nice :) I hope your well :)"
"LLBean's return policy is crazy. They take anything. ANYTHING. No receipt. My TV's broken, I'm just gonna show up and say I bought it there."
"CEO, started off with co-founder by buying from Bloomingdales & testing idea in 3 trunk shows. Test & iterate!"
"I wish i could do more for my friends & family."
"I said Oh-Ee-Oh-Ee-Oh Ice! Ice! Ice! Looks like a #winter wonderland today in #Denver! Love the movie #Bring it on by the way!"
"Rudy Giuliani Gives 4 Tips for Crisis Management - Administration ..."
"Painted on abs... nice one, Shaq. Barkley should've added some spray-on chest hair."
"yea buddy!"
"Bunch of new followers over the weekend! Just want to welcome all of you to the Halfcut Family. Enjoy our always good 10% off code- \"hcc10\""
"Now I understand why a lot of girls turn lesbo! Guys are dumb as eff!!"
"Yay !! Got home before my sister left ! :D"
"Thanks! Glad you're enjoying it!"
"Off to the DMV to get my license renewed."
"The company that made agent orange is also the world’s largest provider of genetically engineered crop seeds."
"RT : Keep videos short, timely, relatable and realistic. DO NOT think of it as an ad. Remember to experiment."
"my dear,it is sold at the store (& they haven't provided the recipe). A mini-restr inside the grocery store,kama zile za nkmt."
"no. I think he's overrated. Id like him to be good. He's in his what 7th, 8th year? A .250 hitter isnt good."
"ok. And the Geico commercial? Yeah it just came on not too long ago. Haha"
"Good Morning Bella Have A Great Day And Follow Me"
"That's the future"
"Check out -- maybe soon we can make a #BMS Scene!"
"World star hip hop has to be the funniest website ever 😂😂😂"
"Be your best self and bring out the best in others."
"i honestly thought Ruffalo was better and i really liked Ed Norton in the role"
"just got back from work ._____. im tired"
"Watching America's got Talent it's histerical. , funny as hell and Sharon is beautiful"
"yes. he took $1450 and i have no way of finding him and getting my money back"
"People make commitments and then they let you down."
"and the USC Trojans are routing the Bruins. Let's get this second half started and show them the real champs! #FIGHT ON"
"Everyone needs to go sign this! If you do nothing, you are part of the problem"
"Trailers Schwinn Spirit Bike Trailer - schwinn spirit bicycle trailer"
"Been listening Elvis all morning. Why can't he be alive now. Slightly obsessed with him."
"Ripley: \"I am not going back.\" Ripley goes back. Hicks: \"It's a bug-hunt.\" Ripley: \"Get away from her, you bitch.\""
"Want to see just how loaded w/ iron & minerals volcanic soils are? Here's magnetic proof from Mt. Etna"
"Today's personal game plan is to fine tune afternoon PD presentation, complete D.C. administrator licensure and job app., and pay lease."
"Have you visited my website lately? I finished my latest guitar painting. http\\:dmgartstudio.com"
"SKIRRRRRRRRRRRRR ✋ bitch please say it to my face"
"Tomorrow we're releasing a major report on the state of #ereading in the US. Includes a portrait of e-book readers + their preferences."
"Hey! I agree -- singly is thinking expansively - Curious to see how well it resonates. Things are good! Ps can't reply by dm"
"Grandma is spanish and african, she know she hot!;)"
"Why can't I just meet Austin and tell him how much I love him tho."
"I missed you then, but fuck you now."
"Is this race walker-friendly? I don't see walkers mentioned on your website. Where can I see a course map?"
"This day is already off to a great start. One of my favorite professors just got promoted from Assistant Professor to a Full Professor."
"Hated by jealous so they envy me"
"i will work 4 a peice of the pie!!"
"you're gonna make your breakfast soggy"
"I'm chilling though. Idk what's going on. Though."
"Happy birthday !! Greatest little sister to ever roam the earth :) Yeah, that's not an exaggeration"
"Spark wants to know -- do you remembering your favorite science lesson from #BackInElementarySchool?"
"We fast and pray to achieve proper sonship. You ought to have a discipline to do so."
"Quiet morning at the office. I like it when no one is here. Homework or work? Not sure what to tackle first."
"WITH. THE. WORST. NEWS. OF. MY. LIFE."
"he says I look like her. Idk!! Anyways, Set Your Goals >.<"
"Silly making me cry. :/"
"It is great to be alive happy Thanksgiving world"
"yeah I thought so too. I feel like it didn't get as detailed as I thought it might and I noticed a couple diff things"
"Darkest hour!!!!!"
"Merry Christmas!"
"Love to read the twitter commentary when people are in the middle of watching tv shows.Tweets from the last #FlippingOut are pretty funny."
"I was disappointed in Young Adult except for Paton Oswalt was AMAZING!!!!!!!"
"Miley Is That Really You On Skype MileyrCyrus****"
"do they have a Facebook by any chance?!"
"My Crazy Obsession: *Hair*. Natural hair. Braided hair. Straight/curly. Short/long. Fake/real- LOVE IT ALL! ☺"
"than how am I a liar?! :("
"spot on, Tim. Boring hockey. Touch to watch for even the most die hard of fans"
"Let go Lakers, championship bound w/the fearless leader Kobe Bryant."
"yep, that Scott Walker. Unless you are thinking of another one."
"thanks for the photos! Love it there. It's so pretty."
"I found that platform too busy for my tastes."
"A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1953 the Celtics beat the Nationals (111-105) in 4 overtimes to eliminate them from the playoffs."
"Baby steps? How long will that take?"
"i wonder if my neighbors will complain about me singing at the top of my lungs to the gotye song on repeat. WHO CARES i'm leaving soon"
"well now everything is big so. Im going to have to one piece it"
"watching #Atlantis prep for #liftoff ... T-8 minutes ..."
"Actually you know who people are saying things about? Hint: it's someone you've been tweeting up a storm about."
"funny! Thanks for the follow."
"I keep buying fast food & my phones bills due in a few days."
"Ah. I see now."
"New Shows Posted! Check out our band page!"
"Three Wines of #Serbia tastings in #Chicago this week with the owner and winemaker Mr. #Aleksandrovic!"
"Students want natural lighting, flexible workspaces & more student services from library- architects"
"Cooking Sauerkraut for lunch. Polish sausage, franks, potatoes, bacon, all simmering in a Sam Adams. We ran 16 this morning, need calories."
"To many, the most prominent feature of DH may be the hype surrounding it."
"Us too! RT : We agree! RT : We are a little biased here but everyone should support"
"I should have applied!"
"Watching and loving PBS Kevin Clash creator of Elmo. Love watching dreams come true."
"“ My SOLs next week , times is getting hard. What I'm finna do???? CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT HARD! Ain't no failing on this blvd”"
"Woah. Once again, your office is way better than our office!"
"Class time"
"well Idk yet the hair dye is still it but I like the color"
"Shot a great interview last night for 21-7 magazine details are soon to follow."
"Its only Tuesday ..."
"IT IS a verb in Spanish :)"
"Okay, NYC - what do I want for lunch today?"
"You definitely should! It's a great showcase of local musicians!"
"Praying for you !! You stay strong! The Weddle family loves you"
"Only Nick would fall in the pool with his macbook in his backpack. Omg. This kid."
"About to go walking with my mom"
"Twitter is beyond interesting, feels like face book cause I got my face all in this shit. #Just nosey though"
"#themost This girl with the stank face that just came into Simpkins <<<<<<<<<<<<"
"Most boring day ever 👎"
"thanks, they were great! hope to see you again soon!"
"An update on the Milwaukee Police officer injured by a hit & run driver: spokeswoman says tips ARE coming in."
"I wish Thanksgiving was today."
"Im your best friend right!! :D"
"one midterm to go til fall break!"
"Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<315"
"in your dreams mister"
"thanks and once again happy bday!!!"
"Follow my potato? ILY and ill follow you back :)"
"Dramatic cost reductions in #3D printing may proliferate the"
"We may yet see the market manipulators pull the DOW back up above zero."
"that is an excellent point."
"Good lord, an entire family walked in wearing Ed Hardy. Not sure how to respond."
"That's not true. RT Portland's defense is always terrible."
"or I actually know the person. I am still waiting for you to stand a post, and do anything as courageous as he."
"Pollution in cities: Americans are breathing easier."
"Forgive yourself for not being perfect. Then, forgive others."
"thank you for being our 600th follower"
"Yea my phone is finally fixed!"
"I need to run to Target real quick 🐶🎯 but my mom is not tryna bring me"
"I JUST WANNA BE"
"OMG WHEN?! WE MUST HANG OUT WHILE YOURE HERE"
"Ok I don't really know what I'm doing but I'm just gonna throw it in at 425 degrees. Here goes nothin!"
"Spent the whole day with family and the best mom in the world! 💗💗💗💗💗"
"I be that pretty muthafucka !"
"Awesome shout outs to and #glamwiki in Children's museum partnerships session, re: global partnerships."
"whats Ur phone # so we can text"
"Deleted my fb, I guess I'll start using Twitter more? (: it's just been sitting here .."
"by ATC I mean Around The Corner... Sorry ;)"
"Tellie Is Bonging On Sesame Street ... Smh ..."
"Hate when motha fuckas try to get me pussy ! Nigga I can get it myself !"
"Anyone who attended tonights show in Panama City please post pics!! It was a great night thanks to all!"
"Cooking a steak....m"
"I want to live somewhere else. Why does Bowling Green have to be so boring?"
"I think the hater*****e because they have nothing better to do"
"Holy morning wood! Morning, world."
"glad u noticed :) RT: I adore (little big burger) right down to their little plant based straws. Earth Day fast food! Yum!"
"Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum"
"It's where the future $$ at and you can't beat the lifestyle. Surf, sand, and all the beautiful locations!"
"why is you BoyFriend mad lol #does he hate Dustin lol"
"Stand up to Monsato, no more GMO corn or alfalfa! Almost all corn is GMO, helps stop this!"
"Cant think of anymore"
"<3 ahaha I wish we could give ya a hug through twitter! Thanks for being so awesome!"
"i RT'd 's tweet/link BUT i DONT agree with what was said. There's no 'may be' the best fans ever. #TeenWolf fans ARE the BEST FANS EVER"
"Minneapolis u do it right. Girls wearing yoga pants!!!!!!"
"Going swimming "
"I did as you said. :-) may I have a follow please? Thank you."
"Friendly Tip Calculator - Dining with Friends Made Easy and Free on Cinco de Mayo - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)"
"hope the Lord is blessing yall's day :))"
"I stopped by Mapco. No goo goos."
"Watching Cow & Chicken."
"Miami Herald Bags a Luxury Story with LuxeDH"
"our worst football player falls on the concrete and gets a new revo speed. -.-"
"Hurling something across the room is probably not the best way to win an argument... but it can be immensely cathartic."
"It's My DNA"
"Redheaded sluts and mic ultras around the table. You'll are missing out!"
"is Cincinnati that bad?"
"Thx 4 the RT! U R correct! Most of the growth in San Diego is attributed 2 existing families who remain in the area long-term."
"Really annoyed we haven't left yet for overnight Derby party in Cynthiana!"
"\"ppl caught in love like whirlwinds-Listening to they squads, listening to girlfriends-that's exactly the point where they whole world ends\""
"I ain't gotta say names you kno who you are just another bitch"
"okay tami give it a rest she's obviously scared of you. Grow up & act a lady. Trashy you are."
"- thanks 4 the follow! I'm a huge JITM fan!! xo, Otter"
"Some of \"beliebers\" are reckless."
"oh yeah the little one was for real. I was trying to make her seem like great snake hunter!! She did get that one tho."
"I can see the Falcons going all the way this year but I say that every year lol"
"Today is national cleavage day! In honor of it I will have cleavage all day!"
"I'm off so I'll come see you!!!!! I miss my Mexicans!!!"
"DC on Halloween is Cancelled due to club closing... We'll b in Richmond on Tues Nov 2nd @ McCormacks Irish Pub"
"Very saddening no one my age thinks of the thinks I think of......"
"Varsity 2012 - 2013 i love my life"
"This ratting on Obama ridiculous!! This country/ whole world!! lucky to have him! For my left wing friends: go get YOURSELF elected!"
"young 9, starting to look like Defenders! Class of 2016, we are coming!"
"lmao I know what your watching"
"lo siento pero that is not the truth para mi"
"My guy friends' girlfriend's always like hate me. Why."
"Is that my suitemate??????"
"Tired of turkey? Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 4-9pm. Mention our name to help donate 20%!"
"Organic is popular in Barcelona: wines, fruits and vegetables, meats, cheeses, beauty products. Also a lot of vegetarian restaurants."
"Who wants to play draw something username is charger_gurl"
"NaLee a wonderous new fantasy check it out at NaLee2010.com the beginning of a TRILOGY ebook $1"
"Maybe Oakland now drops out of bidding for Manny and he'll sign with"
"he was dreamy in the interview. I wish i could see it, too."
"Wow that was my first sly dig in a while proud of myself <333"
"miss you too"
"The #NYRangers are on a tear. This is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team..."
"are you coaching this year and if so, me and better be team captains. 💋"
"can I ask why?? Is it cause of Nathan? :)"
"Colleen McCreary, CPO #ideaseconomy: commitment to talent - 20% of management time spent on talent development. Zynga First = culture"
"Sorry peeps....We will not be today but the truck will be ready for this weekend! Anthem CC Sun 10a-3p and back to normal next week!"
"Happy new year"
"so u can lone me some money then lol"
"hey love yes I'm here! And I want to see you before I leave"
"Playing the Val Air Ballroom tonight to benefit Creston after the tornado devastated the city. Y'all better be there so we can raise some$(:"
"ONE MONTH until my #21st. HALLELUJAH!!"
"#fridayreads Finished Storm Front by Butcher - better than expected; started Merry Misogynist by Cotterill - love Dr.Siri!"
"awesome we will certainly be in touch to promote your events to relevant users as the time comes"
"Smoke herb and watch 'Through the Wormhole' with Morgan Freeman"
"You can do it!!! You'll rock the end of your first year :)"
"When I did it I woke up in the middle of the night and was so scared because I was hearing voices...."
"marvel vs capom3?"
"A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. -James Beard"
"Tryna be a better me, you gotta kill me."
"what happen tell me cuz i didnt follow them plzzzz tell me !!:)"
"RT : The first of our SF Green Film Fest reviews is on a movie that draws surprising connections between your cell......"
"Adorama Giant Contest"
": contesting digital dualism is as much a political cause as an epistemological one"
"oh, so this is my life."
"is a man of ambition."
"awh I'm sorry to hear that :/"
"Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures. – Evan Esar"
"Tomorrow is the big day? Ready for the speech?? So proud of you."
"\"presence,\" shorthand for the idea that people should enjoy an \"always on\" virtual omnipresence. We live in an always on world don't we."
"Chips,Soda,cookies"
"we should all be thankful. That's the beauty of USA. Let us help one another, rich, poor, black, white, yellow, Democrat, (con't)"
"Someone should come procrastinate with me on campus. Im bored"
"perfect tour including the boys.. leggo!"
"Thanks! I will! <3"
"we're not \"acting\" this isn't drama class."
"#MentionYourCrush how about no"
"I got it ;P"
"Reason I Don’t Have Any Tattoo’s Is So I Don’t Have Any Identifying Marks Except For The Freckles On My Left Arm That Spell Out “Steve”…."
"ActorStuff: Always be ready. Always be prepared. Keep your instrument tuned and polished."
"when my mom tells a bitch off >>>>"
"I'm in a bit of a pickle- whats you number missy? I need your help! :)"
"I am very frustrated with social media hacking. The security systems for these sites is going to have to get harder to get into..."
"Oh hey, there's your sex warning!"
"- haha! Wrong Deep Blue Sea movie. But awesome shark attack! :)"
"are those lyrics from kissing me through the phone lol"
"I hope you realize that I miss you, and I always wear the bracelet you gave me since mine broke. I love you."
"RT : \"looks aren't everything\" says the tan fucker with a 20 pac and brute chest. Theres a special place in hell for you."
"Haha!!!!! That was a good one buddy."
"It will no worries...and yeah that would be nice!"
"They decided to throw a full ass jug of water at me. Lmbo thanks guys."
"True, Dirks has been on fire"
"my phoness dead right now ahahah add me though pin:32a1a523"
"I sho just #murdered 1!!RT : How do #McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ???? That shit dumb good"
"Don't take this as an insult, but I originally read \"John Taylor Time\" as \"Jonathan Taylor Thomas\" and was worried for you."
"bring me back one!"
"Yes Sir"
"ALERT: verdict? RT : USC Student competing on XFactor. She'd better not suck."
"Winwood is where it's at tonight"
"What was the first art event you attended in LA County?"
"Brad from our team is at #NETA12 today! What session are you most looking forward to?"
"RT : Mobile has more potential to be useful for local commerce than even the web."
"hey cell me later so we can do something later on if you are not too busy. sharkey's maybe? we'll talk"
"The more I see that gorilla, the more I hafta see"
"It takes alot of courage to love someone after someone else breaks ur heart, so if a woman loves u appreciate 'em !!"
"Store your documents with the professionals...WCA !"
"About to take a shower, lay down, then Z"
"New office debate... to go to #Coachella or not to go?!"
"Mom and dad said NO to a halfsleeve, i say YOLO 😜"
"Cohen moving through his concluding argument with myriad of oil(y) refs in Hitchcock: The Manxman, Psycho, To Catch a Thief, The Birds"
"We make it a whole lot easier than having to paint!"
"how did your OU-OSU prediction work out? Keep running your mouth on Twitter."
"The Bills. Really Vince Young? Haha"
"aw I love that baby"
"Without checking, I'm sure there are other players that have put up a higher % of their team's WAR than Halladay."
"My pussy is addictive because .I'm a #Aquarius I stay wet"
"Happy Turkey Day!!! I'm thankful 4 everything and everyone thats in my life."
"I was just sharing truth."
"YES! Layers! I'm thinking chocolate w/ raspberry filling."
"the holidays are hard when you're alone."
"Crowd is going wild for Lilly Goodman"
"I'm pretending that I don't have 3.5 shittons of work to do in the next 4 hours & reading your tweets."
"alright it's a deal :p"
"I hope its not what i think it is..."
"lol everyone needs to relax"
"Least productive 1st overall draft pick. RT Q: What sports record would you most want to break?"
"- Thank you for following me - I look forward to your tweets!"
"Your home is part of your history - the memories will travel w/ you. Just imagine what memories your next home will bring!"
"Fantastic, we would love to post some of your work on our blog if you would like. keep in touch"
"what's your favorite song?"
"Show for Benefit Of Equines"
"We miss you!"
"Thanks for the #FF love"
"Pretty successful night of web development - made good use of Padrino, Rabl, and S3"
"just followed u"
"Hah. I didn't know I had that much to say...that's probably saying something. :)"
"Breaking News: Oprah finally got off of french fries"
"Best line from review of THE LUCKY ONE: when bulb blew, the theater \"filled with the squishy sounds of tearful, annoyed women.\""
"feeling sleepy.. good night friends.."
"New in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of War, 2012 from"
"is doing an AwESOME seminar. GO GO GO. Did I mention that you should GO!!!!!!!!!!"
"The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift."
"Sounds extremely painful..lololo...."
"Lazy #AF today!"
"me too girl"
"Does anyone have to \"plug in the car\" overnight anymore when it gets frigid? I remember my Canadian relatives plugging in the engine block."
"goodnight everyone , ugh i hate time differences"
"roger that."
"Don't know if I'm going over there"
"I love drinking budweiser"
"you are rude."
"you will do it and you will love it....every minute of it!"
"Come on #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar"
"That's a BANG."
"Bad coffee spill right down the front of my shirt...but its ok folks.....no meetings and a half day to boot"
"At the Great Plains Public Health Leadership Institute: awesome leaders, presentations, and public health work."
"Professionally Speaking as a Licensed Therapist, sobriety takes time to achieve, as the patient is always vulnerable to abuse triggers."
"And to make this day even MORE perfect: Old School, followed by The Hangover on TNT!!!"
"Follow mee !! C:"
"Sweet pic! We'd love to hear more about your group!"
"thank you!"
"Decisions decisions, what to do..... need some advice"
"\"The Bar Singer\" trailer for the debut novel by Pete Berwick: via"
"chocolate cheerios"
"OKC is NOT playing games about these blocks... geez!"
"Just sat down at the CODiEs gala—ready to applaud all the excellent nominees!"
"Phil Steele Day = Christmas in the summer. RT: Only one more month of this out of date 2011 Phil Steele magazine taunting me."
"we stand corrected :) thanks for spotting that!"
"thanks. Taking train down and going to zoo for meet-n-greet with a tiger. Thinking of staying near Redding Term Market"
"big bone? Haha"
"Oklahoma City/Lakers series should be a dandy. Btwn Artest elbow and comments last night about \"not shaking hands with subs.\""
"hey! Met you last night ! Would love to DM you some more info about the benefit (:"
"Happy Valentines Day! RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?"
"Open Mic night is lookin solid"
"If I follow one more person on twitter it is going to start a conga line"
"thank you for you prayers. He had been in and out of the hospital for the last 3 years with lung problems."
"I wanna come next thurs too. Let's get a school bus for old times lol"
"so don't wait. Be missional today."
"Alan Kay on Ed testing: counting millions of rotten beans. #NITLE Montessori is the best."
"\"He sweats just like I do! He bleeds just like I do! He trained just like I did! BUT HE SURE DONT HAVE THE HEART I DO!\" LETS GO TO WORK!"
"Anybody have some Asian dance or musical skills and want to perform at the C'ville Festival of Cultures on May 8th? Email"
"False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the *sunshine,* but leaving us when we cross into the *shade.* ...."
"all is well. In San Fran right now."
"Just got back from a fantastic install in Atlanta!"
"I want you to do it even more now that Quin doesn't want you to do it lol stand up to his girlfriend beating ass"
"I'm an embarrasing boyfriend."
"glad you used the exercise for #NaNoWriMo! Thanks & Loving the map"
"#IWouldNeverEver give up on and because they mean the world to me."
"Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small."
"is that pie on the plate? ;-)"
"It's a new week and that means new Early Week Specials! Skyy 80 vodka 1.75L, the big bottle) only $20.99. Price is good thru Wedsnesday."
"iTunes podcast."
"Did I tell you I kissed in the rain ^__^"
"Hey! Haha what's up?"
"#fishfry, fish tacos and rushing waters trout on special tonight!"
"Major league 2"
"Going to ABQ in 24 hours!"
"yeah she did... I can forward it if you like?"
"Confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from Humane Society"
"Taken with a Canon DSLR"
"User:Akmkbstc - Wiki"
"Here's a reason to add Squash to your activities. It burns 14 calories per minute."
"Nothing like a king size doobie"
"Don't believe the mainstream media."
"LOL RT that would hit Me"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"feel better"
"did u follow the people who asked u last night on tinychat???"
"The WSLCB must know Fifthmas is upon us; lots strange infused vodkas and tequilas, bizarre-looking liqueurs, and special holiday mixer packs"
"We all agree its time for drinks"
"DM me ur e-mail address and I'll send u the invite letter for the Executive Speaker Series event in May."
"Oh, I guess is just smarter than this council or has stash of cash for potholes"
"definitely! Getting intro'd but it'll be fun to do coffee breaks even down here"
"I started out at a tiny radio station in a small town. Perfect job for a bum like me. I could wear flip-flops to work!"
"Really wishing I could text Bjork \"break a leg, babe.\""
"r u from Chicago area, we have a foxhill here?"
"yeah man! you get the book?"
"I want that, I don't have to yell it from the rooftop bc the glow on my face says it all, type love... lol"
": charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!"
"What's this all about. It's like the 5th one that's come across"
"I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying."
"Who's that lady standing there in the red dress?!? She should get off her cell phone."
"don't talk to me about coupons.... two for one deals....!"
"Listening now to #Tosca #opera singers at a dinner party after Lady gaga and Katy perry #onlyinnewyork kids!"
"It's Saturday and St. Patrick's Day, which means double the douchebaggery. I don't think I could handle it!"
"if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow"
"Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!"
"The force is not with today :-/ lol!"
"Need Help! Working on a book list for a Tech/IP/Law/info policy reading group. What would you recommend?"
"; for the worst day ever, today's been pretty good. <3"
"Practice photos are up"
"that's funny"
"Statistics be damned when you're playing a team full of head cases like the Cowboys."
"O.o"
"Walking down the streets of Hampden, and a smell of burgers wafts down.You follow it, and you see the Baltimore Burger Bar!"
"Rainy Saturdays"
"I was really about t fall asleep right now and then I realized that it's barely about to be 10"
"Electricity...God's curse on ugly peoplr"
"As a player,understand that ur defensive ability has a direct correlation with how many minutes you play,& how valuable you are to ur team."
"In Neil Perlin's session on Single Sourcing to the Max: HAT Mobile to....?"
"Greenfield FD on scene reporting nothing showing. This was report of lightning strike to chimney"
"So to celebrate the 2nd \"People's Property\" author's Birthday; Go find the links to the kindle & order! Nov 2012 Part II slated to arrive!"
"#abortion #contraception argument is really about men wanting control of their #semen even after it's left the building and by God given up"
"I mean, Common's an old school bitch whereas Drake is a nu school bitch. And the middle finger goes to..."
"lol I remember you saying that you weren't uploading them."
"I used to have a fleece onesie, but my stalker stole it :/"
"Does sarcasm work in Twitter- Sure, let the auto companies fail. Jobs are always available in fast food. Who needs engineers?"
"I'm raising hell tonight"
"Majority of actors have PASSION for the acting, but they need DIRECTION to get to use that passion in the industry."
"Now that's just an offence to the color yellow!"
"Looking forward to seeing the POWER GUYS in the AM @ Nat's. Don't be late KK!"
"What a fun night. Lots o' talent. Thanks!"
"Sounds lovely. I mean, the putting on PJs and sewing part. Not so much with the going to a crowded grocery store."
"Cool panel abt Social Media w/ panelists fr 9News, Ft Collins Coloradoan, Denver Post & CU Independent."
"Thank you so much Kerim :)"
"You are da one so i make sure i behave."
"Lost's final season begins tonight. I am SO excited!"
"If Its Worth The Wait, Then Its Love."
"Story's not the only element of a game, though it's the metric I would demand progress in the most."
"secrets of a restaurant chef is on food network right now"
"New EP is available for digital download on www.adamevolving.com on the merch page!!! Spread the word!!!!!!"
"OH: at the ballpark. \"later on she's gonna be wearing nothing but that giant foam finger. \""
"I'm eating grilled cheese to! Just not with ranch... hahaa"
"Count me in!"
"Not that it took my this long to realize oomf meant 'one of my followers'. I thought it was just, a signal word..."
"heyy lovely:) how was the fair?:D x"
"So true. Dry calm weekend, unfortunately. Maybe hope for a good freak summer thunderstorm tho :)"
"I feel like it's been a couple of weeks since I tweeted. Just haven't had too much time."
"got your email. We are excited to work with you and help you build your brand! Check your inbox."
"“: Started giving Pledge Drive numbers in my sleep!! #HoustonWeHaveAProblem” || Hang in there, Ashton!!! Y'all are doing great!!"
"old man driving a car with \"i love kids\" bumper sticker....those damn kids."
"Think im going to get me some sonic..."
"The Skittles definitely won. Not a single one left."
"Meh. Tomorrow's Monday."
"Please don't be in love with someone else, please don't have somebody waiting on you.."
"I have no idea what you are talking about. :)"
"We cannot communicate without being responsible for the self, the other, the world we thereby bring into being."
"Thank you Kristina!!! :)"
"yesterday was super amazing! i'm in for tony!"
"LOL - now I feel super guilty!!!! But and I are looking at houses tonight!"
"To do list: (1) Buy a sword. (2) Name it \"Kindness.\" (3) Kill people with \"Kindness.\""
"#w2e employees must be empowered to deal with empowered customers. IT needs to become BT \"business technology\""
"Hi Kim, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show."
"I need to go to bed lol. That one hurt, gotta sleep it off"
"Need to blog about teaching non-techie pre-service teachers to use technology."
"Talking behind my back is like I always say- talk to my ass"
"Happy Cinco de Mayo & Kentucky Derby day! #mybirthdayisin10days :)"
"can't stand you... ugh"
"doing well. Moving back to Utah in May.. looks like I'll be seeing you around again?"
"well we all wondered which place you were at. You ok??"
"I'm deff not confident in that one."
"I am patiently waiting for my advanced copy of new book, The Battle of the Crater. Watch for my upcoming review!"
"NSF data plan requirements are just phase one of making open data a requirement:"
"I have a stupid canker soar on my tounge and it hurts reay bad :/"
"no worries! Just thought I'd ask :)"
"Stop public funds for #MPRnews The left wing extreme like that? I want my tax dollars tokeep our people's stadium"
"Thanks for the #FF shout out! Sorry that I missed it during my Twitter hiatus, but it was a nice surprise this morning."
"Wow I would have thought my home state of NC (now an Obama state) would have came through to vote against Amendment 1. I was wrong."
"Its def easier to hate then love boy"
"I go in Chicago to Core Power Yoga:)"
"Oh please don't! I love that pic. That smile makes me smile when I look at it. Love the colors too, and I work with tons of pics."
"Western! 1970 & your Pops was there! The Stridels went to Eastern. Think we paid them $200 Yep, small world. Peace..."
"Pedro. Did you see my message?"
"Happy to help!"
"You and me both! 3.5 days more of school...another week of paperwork, then SUMMERTIME!"
"damn bro, who passed?"
"why so much hatred towards you from all these tweeps?"
"I LOVE what you've done for NYC through NYRP giving communities back their gardens and parks."
"Im still mad tho.."
"RT : Party so hard standards board wanna fine me, but first they gotta find me."
"Tabling Cherry Hill Branch until 3:30! Come visit and grab some candy when you volunteer! :)"
"Touchdown Austin"
"We need to start the drinking game. Drink every time there is a celebrity you've never heard of. There's one."
"James Butterworth discusses migration, technology, and the rise of the Peruvian pop diva."
"Is beautiful!!"
"\": RT if you want to #BringSoftballBlack #standtogether #SoftballFamily\" bring back olympic softball!!!"
"ohhwell then good job!!!!"
"The main guy in the new Footloose is so cute...."
"it's late, but kyrie irving"
"Happy New Year to everyone! Be happy and thankful for what you have achieved & go for more :)"
"I wanna be on the 8th grade Washington & New York trip."
"You know how some people are impulsive spenders? I'm an impulsive job applicant. Cheap, but just as disappointing."
"Said I'd never do Twitter, yet here I am."
"did only you get this tweet?"
"Damn. Our washer machine sounds like a racing car."
"Don't forget, #CelebrateAU starts in 30 min on the quad. Hundreds of free, limited edition #wonk T-shirts available."
"heyy can u send me a downloadable link for that beat u sent mee??"
"Help Reach 10k [:"
"no phone. I got you tomorrow"
"congrats on your 200 followers!!! *clap clap*"
"I'm going to try it...I'm still mad that they took away the employee one..Did anyone ever figure out why?"
"he said shawty got potential he'll be my sponsor"
"Alot to do today and i just dont want to get out f bed..."
"has a house designed for a giant, everything I do requires a step stool."
"It may look like chaos, but that's just the theory"
"For now its back to my Ibanez BTB6...great problem solver,tone for DAYS! it does it ALL with ease!"
"Hope everyone had a great weekend. I worked a bunch ... got a cool site getting ready to go live."
"K12Live is like a bridge connecting talented educational people with each other. Check out our List and build your PLN TODAY!!!"
"Post and Kells at 1900 Post Alley"
"Ooh how retro. Have a great weekend!"
"every day is mother's day. (okay, so I think he's bought that. Phew)"
"this pretty much sums it up: I put my porn snuggie on when it's time to get down (with myself)."
"\"he is meeting the prime minister of england at the white house today...via twitter...go figure!\""
"Just finished filming Aguabat!"
"Still used to being an asst. RT : There are actually a few rolling solo. Paul Lusk of Missouri St is one handling his own driving"
"New end of the world date set to October 21 after the May 21 date failed."
"no way esá"
"Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from getting to you. Unless its an actual mountain, then fuck that."
"I never let a wookie come between us 😉. Seriously though...the films are worth watching for the John Williams score alone"
"Oh, I'm excited for your new website!"
"is it acceptable to drink wine in the middle of the day on a Wednesday?!"
"nope. I don't. Don't believe in them. ;-)"
"Hey- just woke up. Didn't hear the phone ring"
"come back to the question! damn Barack, you blew it! you didn't come back to the question!"
"Everything is bigger in Texas. How about a huge comeback?"
"I remember when concert tickets were $25. $327 for two seats to see Van Halen? What is going on these days? That is NUTS!"
"I am thoroughly enjoying christmas music this year..."
"You spend my head around when u go down. Right down town."
"follow bak? b4 u move??"
"Great night tonight with and :) can't wait til Tuesday:)"
"Happy cinco de mayo everyday have a awesome day!"
"Yea u don't wana make ya man mad.. Lol smh"
"i saw your youtube interview about RIMM... do you think they will rebound??? i am a big fan of blackberry, and waiting for BB10"
"my mom watches it haha"
"My girlfriend gets clearance to the air force base but not me? That's fucking gay. This is why I hate the military."
"Now if my friends and girlfriend were on my baseball team. That a different story"
"Had a fabulous weekend with friends new and old and am headed into exciting classes this semester!"
"is that where they throw the ball at you"
"OMG I just opened this and I am obsessed! It is going to be my new facebook pic, thanks!!!"
"Listening to Mayor Nutter speak to all staff at the Library. Going better than it might have"
"Those are great, , and what I was looking for, too"
"Yaaaaay! Leaving your comfort zone is hard but rewarding! Do it kim!"
"haha!! I'm very excited to say the least."
"lets be honest is there really a race anymore"
"Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!"
"#FREESHIPPING on all living rooms, bedrooms, dining rooms, ALL collections!"
"Making something for our new apartment. :)"
"Is it just me, or did redesign?"
"Love my job but I love days off too. What to do this afternoon? THOR!"
"Swerve on em"
"I don't care if it was politically unwise—thank goodness for people like Joe Biden, speaking up for gay marriage. Now where's the prez?"
"“You don't find time to write. You make time. It's my job.” - Nora Roberts"
"Yes. The builder. Any tools in mind that might work (with a little help in outreach + design) 4 a more general crowd?"
"Thank You! RT : - best cheese and wine bar EVER. Need to go back to Miami, just to visit Kork!!"
"Thank you to our newest followers , happy Friday!"
"idk what I'm more excited for, my 21st next week or school being out for the summer"
"“: Please start Tebowing so Broncos can get manning\" that's a new low..."
"On my way home, cause early release!!!"
"STREAMING PORNOGRAPHY"
"watching two lesbians feed eachother cotton candy on the train is a lot worse than it sounds ..i do not wish this on anyones eyes"
"McAlister's with Leah. 😊👍"
"No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career."
"Phone vibrates at home: Barely hear it. Phone vibrates at school: EARTHQUAKE."
"Great show this morning performing for school groups visiting us at TSAC! Another one TOMORROW at 11am!"
"It'll be fun, they said... We won't get caught they said..."
"#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 8"
"#android users, \"emulator roms\" on the market is pretty good game emulator. Just got done playing the original mario."
"I'm sure no matter which country wins, he will visit the other countries in years to come, but I'm still worried ..."
"Oooohh, what a great site! Thx for sharing! I just joined. :)"
"Thanks guys for sharing Jeff's blog! Glad you liked it and hopefully it will help your followers :-) Have a great week!"
"i love the wallpaper behind head when he is at his desk. tried to google but couldnt find any info on it"
"welp Im in the Studio now, let's see what comes out of it lol"
"Who saw us at Firefest saturday?? :) that show was just plain awesome!"
"look a zombie"
"I love singing. ♥ Music is saving me."
"Amen to that! : I used to work 8hrs/day bldg some1 elses biz. I can work to build mine"
"Saw a wrestler from an very old match from the 90s wearing a NEVERMORE shirt!! Good taste in music I must say!"
"i'll be trying to catch up on things tomorrow & Sunday, if I ever get Internet back"
"Cool. I like the idea that you'll be doing a drawing there to sell."
"Thank you , , , and for the #FF love."
"not even Shelby Lynne music is helping to blow these dark and stormy clouds away"
"Hypothetically of course, are there somethings better left unsaid? or would you wanna know instead? 🎧🎶🎵"
"Not alot u?"
"\"You don�t know life until you know why you�re living it. You must find your own purpose in it\""
"my sweet Katie, I wuv wuv WUV you to!! :)"
"Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday! All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented 💙 thanks for everything I love You💙"
"I interviewed Junior Seau for back in Dec. I never printed any of the words he shared. Just listened to the audio."
"Thanks for the head's up! We're taking care of the issue now."
"RT : RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective! ---> Ouch!"
"Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible. - Francis Bacon"
"#WaterCheck - I'm 6 cups down! Where you at?"
"This made us smile. RT : 6 year old asks: \"How can music change the world?\" And he really wants to know..."
"\"The Notebook\" is trending my fav romantic movie and my future husband in it lol"
"Gin isn't a vegetable, silly, it's a fruit!"
"What's earliest pick you see Colts using on a QB? If Mallet or Locker somehow falls to us in 2nd round, do you pull trigger?"
"Welcoming today´s #Masterspov #Cinematography Conference attendees all the way from Finland & Mexico!!"
"😁lol it's only right"
"u reminded me i have flood pants that would prob work since i am short they are almost full lenght pants but can hike em"
"Welcome to A Beginners Guide to Keyword Research! Ask your questions here."
"Thanks for the mention"
"my phones of"
"Are you aspiring to be twitter #famous?"
"Who's going to be #livetweeting tongiht's event \"Launch Your Product In 90 Days With #SocialMedia\"?!"
"So I guess wearin whatever you want to wear instead of wearin some shxt erryone is wearin is considered \"bummy\" in Newport News..smh"
"Any Terry/Arlene/baby scene is fine with me!"
"#OREGON Here I come. Hopefully you dont send me back!"
"Kinda bored.. What needs to get done"
"Up looking for a good coffee joint. Don't make me go to Starbucks long beach, don't do that to me"
"Jr Seau was shot and killed =("
"Told myself Never again will i play this stupid guitar! But here i am playing & falling in luv with it Guess beiber was right"
"keep in mind, she has me on the trading block...."
"Swanson's Anna Balazs & her research on oscillating gels gaining a lot of attention across the engineering world!!"
"If there is light in the soul, There will be beauty in the person. If there is beauty in the person, There will be harmony in th"
"Excited to see my new area and how it bussels with peeps and business enjoying husbands time together as a real married couple...peaceful"
"Sometimes we have to realize that we're making life harder than it really is by not letting go of things that no longer matter... #LetItGo!"
"I suspect the turkey sausage did not make it through the holidays."
"Lol she said im a twitterho"
"“: BREAKING: Three-time World Series champion manager Tony La Russa announces his retirement.” what"
"Am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark! Please RT if you explicitly want me to fail!"
"writing....i'm already on page 14. :)"
"noone! I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it! ;)"
"FAMILIAR BURGER with BEER KETTLE CHIPS $8.99!! Indiana bottles $3.75!"
"RT : RT : ❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Busy Tweeting :D"
"Used American Muscle Cars - Classic Muscle Cars by Dave-d"
"Starting the journey home, everyone strong & healthy, great week! Much fruit!"
"it says MAHOMIES!!:)"
"go to el compadre on sunset I'm headed there now!"
"In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined"
"#eventhoughtheyaredecent I'm not watching the KU-KState game because I can't stand either of them."
"Thanks for the follow #CHITOWN!!!"
"\": Lil' Wayne went from being a shirtless thug with baggy jeans, to wearing jeggings and doing air splits lol.\" He's Gay lmao"
"Okay, I'm done!"
"Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!"
"#nw Behind the Music - Brandy :)"
"Happy Spring Break to our UCF Knight-Thon & Miracle participants! Have a fun and safe break. Thank you for your support!!"
"omgeee ! everybody follow even if your not an arab so lol follow them <3333 (;;"
"Nice rainy day outside."
"SO PLEASED!"
"Giant thanks to everyone who came out and stuck around to see us play!! We had tons of fun tonight and can't wait to do it again! <3"
"Great chatting with you today! RT On the phone with the CTO and found of MuleSoft - 3 million deployment"
"#Chicago is covered in fog today, and it looks super creepy"
"Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com."
"Thanks technology for allowing this English teacher to get her #ww18 fix from home. But oh, the magic of the auditorium! Nothing compares."
"The Weekend ATC puzzle solution is totally \"Madison\"/\"Medicine.\" I can't play, so g'head. Submit it. You can keep the prize, too!"
"#cwgchina China education tour, Yangling, Northwestern Agricultural Uni, significant center plant genomics research, 2 hours west of X'ian"
"Procrastinated procrastination so now I literally have this one day to study for my first anatomy test of the summer."
"Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones--1-11-11."
"svu all day!"
"Welcome to Dribble! I like your work."
"everybody get up, it's time to jam now"
"When I listen to John Mayer I think of :D"
"Just because #Philanthrofest is over, we don't want to lose momentum of changing lives and making a world a better place!"
"he single handedly beat the Knicks in a playoff game THIS yr, on both ends."
"heyy im not a brat"
"yes! It blew my mind. I gotta say when Fred (or George) for killed I about lost it"
"Most women with Mrs. Tebow's condition don't get a Heisman trophy winner. Most women die."
"When was the money for Coolidge and Roosevelt SUPPOSED to be in Ward 4??"
"Poll: 22% of American, but only 6% of French respondents fear world coming to end within their lifetime. Quite telling."
"#ASimpleWhiteName O.J."
"Thanks for the follow!"
"Bachmann thinks following the Constitution means we don't increase debt? Funny she didn't cite exactly where it says that."
"And to you Thanks!"
"Pens v criers at 730 ! $2 miller lite bottles from drop of pick till midnight."
"Ah I didnt see you today!):"
"Thanks and all because I read your blog last year about Doubleback"
"“ “ Thinking about somebody but not wanting to text them 1st””"
"Good morning! Did anyone see Obama at FAU yesterday? Thoughts and comments are welcome if you did?"
"I think I hope Palin runs"
"\": #Fahrenheit food truck tomorrow East. 9th #local #chef #loves #CLE ..found out where the food truck will be!"
"well we now share the same last name and initials lol :)"
"Liquor is so much more dangerous than doobie"
"Looking forward to the Live Broadcast and the show Saturday Night"
"INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - AP source: Indianapolis Colts select Ravens defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano as new coach."
"follow me plz it will mean the world to me"
"sure I guess. Cause for every ten followers I'm donating five dollars to Susan g. Koman"
"i want to start a #sports #business. anyone have ideas?"
"It ain't LOUD if u can't hear it"
"I just called and asked if you'd follow me on Twitter! You said yeah :p"
"...clearly my concern."
"Nothing like quiet reflection on holiday, 2012 will be all about identifying fears and kicking them so hard they turn into strengths!"
"wats gudd where u at? Call me"
"We can't stop here, this is"
"Good Morrow To You & No Problem Good Sir."
"UGH. annoyed."
"The fact I have to buy a new prom dress <"
"In math with"
"Register by emailing or sponsor a challenger to help raise funds for #PZS2011 and get a crazy #zine!"
":) Yep, sorry for the capslock it was stuck. haha"
"Whatever. Fuck it"
"Learned from and You cannot afford to mind your business If you are to lead."
"(and in my mortal irrationality, i'm still pretty sure they're gonna win though)"
"Happy Friday Eve everyone!"
"Well of course they'd love to win. But winning would be an added bonus. They don't set themselves up to win, LT or short-term"
"biden: \"dude, you said 'no homo' under your breath too, right?\" obama: \"oh most definitely.\" *fist bump* *giggles*"
"my name is clever not clev"
"Beautiful voices!"
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. - Lana Turner"
"Hey brosef, when can and I meet ya for lunch someday?"
"Thanks to Everyone, were glad we can share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!"
"*Glances at profile picture* awww but you're so pure >.> Why is it that u can only see the worst in me"
"what you know about dat"
"There have been requests for a beer booze camp. I'm gonna need to talk to the fine folks"
"hey QUIT FAVORITING MY TWEETS"
"Thanks! Antwan has been scoping out some of your recent listings in the San Diego area!"
"Headed to formalize new partnership for exchange program w/ Jiao Tong University in Shanghai on #AsiaTrinity Tour w/"
"when is Ron Burgandy 2 coming out?"
"Bases loaded!! Granderson up! Let's go boys!!"
"Lil these days if you ain't 23 or older stay the fuck from round me..."
"definitely sledding."
"What would you do if you got 3 seconds of your life back?"
"but I plan to slink from what I think"
"Have any of y'all 'borrowed' your parents car before you were 16?"
"Marathon recording session at studio last night! saw the sun come up and now FOOD!"
"Ready for Kansas Basketball"
"we will definitely be back soon! :D"
"happy to be of service. :) And technically, you said \"yep\". ;)"
"Kuuuuuuuch has this."
"just tweeting and about to head to bed."
"I am to a certain extent. I think everyone is feeling the pinch population wise. We definitely need server transfers."
"Thank you. How long have you been on here? How many followers? Could I call you later with a few questions?"
"#Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours."
"TFTF trill & chill girl!"
"Ur a dream. Because u felt guilty right??? RT : don't make fun of I already got him a replacement :-)"
"Chessboxin': still a mystery."
"Today I ran out of gas en route to the gas station. I guess my car was even less motivated than I was to go to work!"
"Did you dress up for Halloween this year? What were you?"
"Seeing your friendss makeout while you're in the corner chillin. Lolol"
"Let there be a purpose for everything you do ....."
"Congrats to our $50 Dibbs card winner, Kate Moore, please message your email to us and we'll send over the details."
"if there hadn't been about a mile long line to get in..I wouldn't have found it either! But if you get another chance, go!"
"An entire world of people trying to prove their wisdom, nobody cares."
"should I stay or should I go now"
"Lesley, I love the Carrie Diaries feature!"
"A short math lesson: new number minus old number divided the old number equals the percent change."
"of course(:"
"So...I'm watching the latest My Strange Addiction...."
"it's truee"
"Pamela Barnes, acoustic mysteries. She solves crimes with sound. www.cozycatpress.com"
"#replacebandnameswithlesbian is nowhere near as cool as #improvefilmtitlesbyaddinginmypants , as a matter of fact, it's incredibly DUMB!"
"Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock? Because most shops close by six thirty."
"any more old video questions for me"
"I'm sure it's because of the derby. Or magic."
"so how's that story XP"
"Beautiful pic! Have a great time in Australia!"
"... You had one job.... And you screwed it up!"
"I truly hope that's hypothetical."
"Here we go #GOPACKGO!!!!! #GREENANDYELLOW BABY!!!"
"What the fuck."
"happy 8 year anniversary, that is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"i am! i havent talked to you in forever! i just wanted to say hi!"
"Iowa State must defeat the Iowa High School champions of the previous year to qualify for #big12 play."
"Adding screen print designs to pre-made t-shrits does not automatically make you a \"fashion designer.\""
"ohh what's your new job, now I'm curious!"
"Comcast Awards $173,000 In Scholarships To Pennsylvania High School Seniors"
"This lady is really eating dirt like its candy (-__-)"
"game with and"
"Almost as good as RT : Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best"
"lol - if only, it's a \"My Little Pony\" fanboy - which for the record IS TOTALLY FINE."
"LMAO. That do sound like some shit I would say though. Thanks"
"Thank you for sharing, it would be useful if we can shave them and have just the top 10"
"#FF have a #healthy weekend all!"
"is your website up? I need some samples- have some possible freelance work for you"
"RT : \"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door\" - Milton Berle"
"We're a pretty sweet group of kids. says hi. ;)"
"ha ha, stylish!"
"– I'm back in town"
"Harriet Fulbright College organizes each year various activities but its picnic is the most famous one."
"Canon AE-1. I still have it."
"lol yes they do"
"alright well maybe I will one day, how hard can it be?"
"Oh now you wanna say i still look good doe. Hm... Lol you didnt have to tell me that my dude, but dont try and kiss up to me now (:"
"Cage the Elephant writes some pretty deep stuff. It's crazy how true their songs are."
"Dammit D.. Did you forget to listen to my pregame speech this morning?!?!?!"
"u too."
"I'll be there around 3 bro"
"Sounds like a plan, I will get with Gilbert to what is available at Echo maybe? I think April is pretty open right now."
"Tired... Heading home"
"no argument there"
"reading way too much about military bases. paranoia creeping all over"
"Blasting Above The Broken."
"I'd love to see the #Packers in the flesh in London but would be pissed off for all the loyal fans in the states!"
"yes yes yes! pull in awesomes for"
"You're wayy too into yourself."
"\"Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk. I beat the pussy up. She was Rodney King, I was 4 cops.\""
"But seriously."
"Ooh, pleasant surprise. New interface. It's easy on the eyes."
"I seen you on Tanisha Got Married for the first time. You're so beautiful!"
"I have almost completely lost my voice!!"
"you suck!"
"im a WIHB!"
"Still enjoying cool weather in southern california"
"I wish my allergies would calm down so I could breath and go to sleep...its almost 4:30 AM and here I am still awake."
"oh that mean camera! - not only it adds 10 pounds it also takes away 50% energy! : ) by"
"lots of support for the idea of data viz as source of \"radical empiricism\" at"
"Yes, it surely is. Love my #wiunion, wish I could be there..."
"#wiunion #recallwalker is costing each tax payer about $2. Poor maintenance of #Milwaukee County, future cost to State millions!+Court cost!"
"one made by satan"
"I have no idea. I haven't been there either."
"Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger. Seems like just the other day"
"You're screaming and cursing and angry and hurting me. I'm smiling and crying, apologizing."
"keep grindin. Hard work pays off"
"awe:/ I found out I'm gonna do mine next week:p wish we didn't have to do them at al:'( I'm so nervous."
"oh, hi porn spammers. get on it!"
"I've been avoiding the internet lately."
"Graveyard Double Feature - THE HANGOVER + JAY & SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK. Tonite at 4am. Movies & Mai Tais. Only at Frankie's. Mahalo"
"I prefer rubber stamps."
"you're alright :) what app?"
"I wish I could be considered as a musician for #ArtBasel ..guess first step would be to learn to play!!!"
"JOHNNY IS AWESOME!!!!!!! INSPIRATION <3"
"hey Tim...come worship with us today 11a.m. Your story has changed lives - thank you. (Chapelrock.org)"
"13 days until"
"Yoo roberto was outside b4 :o <3"
"For anyone who needs a history lesson"
"Did you know that San Diego Country imports 90% of its water from the Colorado River?!"
"Just discovered the show Eureka on NetFlix. Work break."
"Merry Christmas to all who celebrate!!!"
"World Health Day LA has joined the Twittersphere! Help us spread the word about this year's event at the LA Expo Center on April 7!"
"startup will participate in #Life30 with its #dating app, Apr 18"
"happy thanksgiving hamshooz!"
"Man the Timeline been boring!!! Come on twitters Tweet Tweet sum good Shit!"
"Morning twitter friends :)"
"Carmelo will wake up from a deep sleep if he hears a bag rustling"
"#wreckdiculous was the very first ever trending topic. Pre twitter era."
"Saw that! They give u 2 pieces of bread and u have 2 walk around n take other people's meat and chz to finish it."
"Entrées are served with garlic breadsticks, fingérpaint & garden-fresh paste I just registered olivegarten.com"
"Some people need a high five IN THE FACE with a CHAIR!!!!:D"
"Drama Drama Drama... cmon now are u really serious....on to the next one!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Laundromat Flow"
"This isn't as easy as it looks, okay? RT What the hell are you doin this is the"
"I have a film that is number 1 on Amazon it's called I Think My Facebook Friend Is Dead check it out thanks tweet fans."
"What idiot invented kleenex with lotion in it? Did they ever accidentally clean their eyeglasses with one? #boo!"
"6x6=too much!!"
"I've seen him before!! He's nuts."
"My house went on the market today. I go on the market tomorrow."
"10, damn where you been?"
"More headshots than Call of Duty"
"when people hurt you<<<<<<"
"Totally guilty of getting most of my political news from #JonStewart & #StephenColbert! EXCITED to see on J-Stew tonight! :D"
"RT : I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to end up marrying."
"Have a great birthday Travis! RT : RT : Happy Birthday wishes to Olympian today!"
"likewise! Thank you so much for all the great podcast and library app advice! I'm working on sharing some of my own tricks!"
"ill dance jus not rite now"
"I thought so too!! Pretty cool!"
"Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people."
"we good celtics still in it"
"I'm killing it like OJ yea thas Wat the hoes say"
"Work soo damn dead omg im losin my mind"
"I've got 4 to finish.. it sucks"
"Sen. Liz Krueger says dems changed the process when they were majority to allow minority members to sponsor legislation"
"inconsistent Price once again.."
"Go follow Like legit! He is awesome!"
"This chicken ima about to eat.... ohh yes"
"New song \"Bury You In The Ground\" by thanks for the video."
"you go there aloot!"
"ha...sorry, never heard of it. Wonder if it's good enough to fill the void of Rescue Me"
"yeah I think so..."
"hahaha no but i wanted to grab one so i could take a pic and omg they like burned my hand ahha they were so cold"
"Ratchet + Northside = Ratchitty ... don't worry cuz I broke it down for her"
"To our NYC teachers who come to the JFR teacher training programs you are great and are an inspiration."
"falling asleep to a young Gabe. Little Manhattan 2: Have ya' met Peeta?"
"Ozark Missouri - New Storm Product- Sandless sandbags- A revolution to sandbagging operations.Out of the box and to the water, ready in mins"
"What do you know about me - I am tired of getting harassed when I engage."
"Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. ~Anton Chekhov"
"#oomf seems very excited about his first child. That's really sweet and rare."
"Thanks to all the food dudes and dudettes that came out Friday and Saturday If you about, come on out, we've surprises fer ya!"
"im on it"
"Um...am I missing something? That's not what that chart says....."
"Thank you for the #FF <3"
"Time for bed! Remember kids: Don't run with scissors!"
"This week has been bad. I'm ready for a new week."
"I can't even laugh right now this shit is depressing =\"
"Food Trucks and their customers luv the Shady Tavern Ice House"
"Had a BLAST co-hosting w/ on the Total Access Radio show in NY! Details coming on when and where to catch the show! :-)"
"A rash of burglaries in Central Austin...APD is urging everyone to lock their doors."
"\"I got soul, but I'm not a soldier.\""
"Happy/excited that it's here. But I'll be happy to see it go."
"need more followers come join me on twitter and i'll follow you back"
"Shopping for and buying a suit feels so good"
"check me out on facebook group \"kingoffitteds\""
"it was fun! I remember!"
"Oh good! Poor guy!"
"What's up twitter peeps"
"Special session scheduled for Monday. Anyone have questions about the session?"
"what have you cooked up?"
"You know, silly accent aside, that is a good guy!"
"Members Card Nationals ML -120 (20 units)"
"If you dont think the Pacers have a shot with home court and the Heat's 3rd scoring option and only big man that's a factor, youre an idiot"
"Good Friday service is tonight at 7pm. Hope to see you there!"
"Let's go Arkansas!"
"Howcome the \"Real Housewives of ....\" any city are effed up? #whyisthat?"
"Border Patrol officials have been told to reduce - even stop - arresting illegals, Arizona sheriff says"
":/ tests suck .... Dayyum my ceiling fan is loud .. I wonder how I sleep at night"
"HAHAHAHA that was awesome"
"Sounds like somebody has a case of the MeBeingMeMondays"
"thank you so much. :)"
"Worked on my paper today. Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point."
"Congrats! That's great news!"
"where u at homie"
"Thanks! Have a great weekend!"
"Lately it feels like I'm living out of a suitcase."
"What you have in your heart, not your bank account, matters to God and endures for eternity..."
"Untended consequences, really? What jack@$(s came up with 'No child' anyway?"
"Check out To Satellites great band from South FLA ! Support your local scene and support indie clothing lines! Stay Tuned! -The TV."
"All those fairy tales are full of shit."
"going 1 MPH on 495 and can't decide what's better DC 101.1 or 105.9"
"wat is tha point of cheating bitch if its his dick then dump him dont cum wit all that i love him shit cuz if u did u wont of cheated on him"
"#Springbreak is approaching us soon & you know what that means! IN-STORE CONTEST! Whoever travels the farthest gets some #freegoodies!"
"I have some emotional niggas on my TL lol"
"All i want is to get one of those 'i love you<21' tweet from .. (; causee' I lovee himm<21 #wontgiveup #muchlove (:"
"we miss you!"
"I said pissed , GTF OVER IT"
"Testing a new idea for museum trips of the future. Can we track where kids are located through hashtags?"
"ah I'm too happy right now ❤"
"Hope you feel better soon."
"Best first night of summer ever!"
"I miss you :( just scared to go along with this again. You've let me down each time and kept doing the same crap. How is this time any diff?"
"A week til nanowrimo still no ideas and I need a laptop"
"If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities"
"I think it's gonna happen tomorrow<3"
"It's been a longtime since we tweeted, hard at work Buggs! We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend at the Taste of DC!"
"Milwaukee, get your clapping skills together, please. Thank you."
"DYK? Famous singer Dione Warwick is a member of Zeta Phi Beta .."
"Using Migratr (Windows only) in a VM to switch from Flickr to Picasa. Works well, preserves photo captions, though not set captions."
"soft spot for peter andre."
"'Justin Slays The Haters' Is he even old enough to buy anything to slay us with!?"
"#swagg RT : This nigga said I don't sell weed I smoke it I sell crack o.O ughh please give boosie the death penalty"
"Carry Methods IWB « Front Line Holsters - holsters for concealed carry"
": I want you to miss me, like I'm missing you."
"awww :) We hope you had a great evening!"
"I approve. :) Beer makes an appearance in my slide deck as well."
"Thank U! Have a GR8 Weekend! RT : Looking for some good coaching? Follow the good folks at"
"yup u rite on that one MGK can rap"
"#3ScreenMin nice considerations of the 10' viewing context with remote and what content/services work in that paradigm."
"okay man! No need to get hostile on me"
"I don't know, but I all I know is that Jessica Mendoza is cute lol!"
"The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself."
"This is for the friend I will always trust and love"
"Q3 I think this is a no brainer. It depends on your library. Naturally. All of our libraries are so different."
"@ AlexisNiki See you at this weekend!"
"The more I watch LA and Miami ink the more I wanna get a tattoo"
"Trying to keep my body as healthy as possible to keep career goals on track. Making more time for the sports club. On the ball now."
"Never a better way to start the day than with Starbucks <3"
"Top of the 9th with a tied game 1-1 #Dodgers and"
"I know bro! Thank goodness for iPhones."
"that's pretty serious !! Lol"
"The only ppl i want around me are The ppl that will take care Of My son until hes able to take care him self if something happen to me"
"Mr. D'Fwan, Party City does not sell giant see-through clocks or Pegasus wings so I got this paper pineapple instead"
"I'll be far worse than last time u saw me play, remember I've been skating in a league of Craig's for the last 4 1/2 years!!"
"you do, quit complaining ;)"
"Get to shouting. It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game.."
"all new criminal minds!!!"
"I'm about to drift off into a food coma"
"I think I might be sore tomorrow.. going to hard in"
"Let us know what you think when you do!"
"super delish. will admit that envy over your access to koshary has suddenly inspired some \"koshary new york\" google searches."
"aww thanks! It's all you! RT: wowzer received my artstar art in the post looks amazing instagr.am/p/NO7ro/"
"#zipsters check us out tomorrow to see how to enter our BMW contest and win a free ride!!"
"yeah, I tried that argument, didn't work. Lol"
"it will be worth the wait, i promise"
"Goodnight moon<3"
"is honored to have as the presenting sponsor for the MWxSW tour! The tour launch party at 3/8/12"
"Live life to the fullest and don't take yourself too seriously."
"Shorts, Media, Marketing is all part of a culture. Not part of a game. He was clutch but Kobe has twice as many game winners"
"I love that 's Twitter bio includes, \"your former teen-age crush.\" It's like she knows us!"
"On to school closures"
"Love when rizz calls me still drunk from last night. Today's gonna be home"
"I'm here. When's the next game?"
"what it does cuz??"
"and you're fat and 12."
"Going to see tonight at #minglewoodhall. So stoked to see them live finally!!!"
"any one using the DynaVox Maestro with 6 cells?"
"THANK YOU shoutout to for helping us make a special someone's birthday extra great with those fun balloons!!!"
"Grant has 9 carries for 85 yards"
"It's amazing. I read so much more now."
"he said that at his birthday party :) lol"
"Taking a nap before work!"
"Great news Missy!"
"Is it weird I want multiple twitter accounts to separate the good, the bad, and the belligerent sides of me???"
"DON'T BE MEAN, WYATT."
"no one should be going to the gym at either of those times. hahaha"
"Happy new year my lovely friends!! :) xx"
"+ , TOTALLY just felt one here at , too -- near 6th & WI."
"opportunity is a given in life."
"I know we are all trying to keep each other awake."
"starting to look at the Android SDK; as if I don't have enough already to do..."
"Teacher: If you could take one person on a deserted island with you, who would it be? Me: LIAM PAYNE! :D Everybody else: Who? Me: -.- xDD"
"Can't wait to be a believer. All the best for the remainder of your travels. Hope it all pays off for you and your team."
"Its bout to hit the fan bro"
"When my world is shaking, heaven stands."
"if mathai goes home on #thevoice i'll be so mad D:"
"Omg I have this girl falling me ever where this bitch needs to go away"
"Overheard: \"You know you in the hood when somebody tries to offer you two 6 month old pitbull puppies at 9 in the morning.\""
"So ready to move to ATL next month"
"This ol team hoppin ass nigguh"
"Me & that frog we bonded we've become like best friends."
": you are the perfect host for #thevoice. Sweet, supportive and adorable. #team carson"
"Utah Seeks More Latinos to Adopt Children - Fox News"
"It's the final day of Showcase rehearsals !"
"get my outline email?"
"I feel the same way"
"very cool to watch overijse on live tv last sun with , lars michaelsen next goal, live in belgium."
"readme.cc is a stunning Austrian authors' collective. Their English book descriptions = priceless. Is \"teutonically lush\" a thing?"
"I put in a request to my friends at WTHR! You never know."
"Gonna go save some animals! Hope it's not too crazy tonight. Be responsible with your let's people!"
"Tonight: PAPER DIAMOND & POLISH AMBASSADOR at Canal Club Doors 9pm $20.00"
"lord i aint try to be messy but ur little trade so sexy"
"Sore Throat? Flu? Gargle w/ CloSYS 4 times dailly. Soak toothbrush in CloSYS each night. Kills the strep & germs! www.closys.com/flu.html"
"Somehow my 9-year-old daughter's arm has been grafted onto Matt Garza for fielding bunts."
"I got that e-mail and thought oh dear gawd why do I not live in NYC?"
"What's the number for the fairy that stocks mothers' purses with gum and candy? I need to get on her route."
"What's the oldest item in Council's archives? The April 4, 1803 Cleaveland Township Records."
"in other news I got a B on my last science quiz so now I just have to do decent on the final"
"dear gods, i need a new portfolio website. and a new tumblr theme. stat."
"Funny that Denverites relishing in Carmelo's playoff FAILS (year/career), &ignore that they embrace Peyton, who is in same boat!"
"Softball game tnite!"
"Never Again Tho"
"should follow me back :)) Lol"
"Last nights show was great! Now takin baby girl to school. Then finishing #NFG designs and #attackattack music video artwork! Slammed"
"Here we go...cutest ad ever! Great social media message too!"
"Did u like Philly I lived there for half my life"
"depends on the popsicle"
"9.) I don't care how I look or what people think of me because I know I'm pretty and if you hate thats your problem"
"follow me to get in on some great photography session specials"
"Congratulations on becoming a Bricksquad DJ"
"watching the telecom industry flail and die"
"person in cafe blasting whitney houston just realized her headphones were not plugged into the correct jack."
"Me too! That show was getting a little old for me, but now it's all changed!"
"In Ned Rorem’s apartment he methodically gave me ALL his choral music as I prepared to conduct his 70th birthday celebration."
"no... But thanks."
"Jack Harry and Frank Boal up in the press box at LSP. Frank's got a SKC scarf on."
"its a great class!!"
"Finally on twitter beautiful lol. Haha"
"RT : \"People will hire you & then tell you not to do what you were doing when they heard you.\" Art Blakey"
"BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !"
"should i send you a Harvard t shirt? I think yes? =)"
"I ALWAYS STAND WITH NEKO. RT : Saw \"Girls\"...Why isn't it called \"Trust fund girls\"? Also where was the \"edgy\" and..."
"LETS GO #DEVILS!!! SO PUMPED"
"Delta Air Lines changes Delta Shuttle flight times to on-the-hour service to Boston, Washington, D.C.; adds 13th flight to Chicago."
"any time love:) do me a favor?"
"Storm just shut the Internet down. No school for me. :)"
"ditto. RT : Looking forward to yoga tonight with !"
"already done. Had no choice"
"agree w/ that (& not being critical), just seemed a few extra factors combined to make it extra meh, but it's par for the course"
"GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':"
"Want more info on Kid's and YA Latino Lit? Watch for what the #REFORMA chapter in Tucson is planning this spring!"
"RT In April, #Obama2012 raised $43.6 million across committees. Thanks to everyone who pitched in."
"No idea!! Haha."
"it's all fun and games until you have to go pick them all up"
"My bestfriend massages my feet...How nice ? Ohh yeah. I'm boss now (;"
"When Republican debates turn to social issues I get all tingly inside, like I'm being tickled in the loins by one of the disciples."
"sounds like your entire life has been a lie"
"I understand what you are saying. But none of us can know what was going on in his head. Money definetly does not buy happiness."
"I have some very clean boats after a long day of cleaning!!!"
"I have what I think is an old play of yours...Mae & Her Stories. I'd like to ask you about doing a reading of it."
"way to text me back!"
"Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course."
"did you vote for Santo out of curiousity?"
"Sleep is for the week when the work comes cheap........."
"oh and you could never go wrong with a BMW .. Im not a fan of the benz... Unless its a coupe :)"
"Everyone in New England? And I'm willing to bet they've been drinking more than Peyton."
"WENT CLEAN DEAD END THANK'S TO HUS ,POTENCY SHANA NANCY-C SQUEALER & HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OTB MIKEY"
"Thank you for coming and thank you for the publicity help!"
"no I haven't talked to her in awhile."
"BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant. I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf."
"Damn i think my ass is getting sick"
"Allergy & tax season, it's like getting screwed from head to toe with sneezing."
"dim sum. Hmm. Great idea."
"I know how you must feel! It's only been a few days but I miss them too!! haha!"
"wow, sweet gifts! Is that #tanqueray? Yuummmmm"
"Libraries are like Blockbuster Video Stores for Nerds - e.e. cummings"
"Tonight is the night that will be talked about for generations"
"Do NOT ask me a question that you do NOT want to know the answer to… the truth isn't pleasant."
"Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them."
"with the cake I had my eye on, and didn't get, but there is a carnival next year, I'll get another chance. I was 3 & 4, in Fircrest, Bill"
"I love how lazy my family is that they can't even take me to the bball game when they haven't taken me to one all year"
"don't be mad now lol. Good game tho."
"damn, got all the way down there and they were not there...boohoo...lol"
"if that doesnt work scrub hard with soap and water then let it dry and just like pick it off"
"lets go to the pool"
"I will go great lengths to make sure you know you are the center of my universe."
"I really want orange juice....."
"Love the picture with Daisy! :)"
"GUEST OPINION: Drug use, abuse or addiction? - Wicked Local"
"Rocked quiz section today with a one two knowledge punch."
"Good luck to all the FAs. This is your time. Make an impact!"
"Oh hell yeah I just got my account back!"
"Intense cleaning with my pandora on high.. All smiles, best vday ever! Life is good 💘👍"
"oh shush"
"Lots of interesting questions in this discussion about LMNL and XML about interaction between models and tools/workflows"
"but you're already doing it, is the good news!"
"The \"no punk category in the Gazette best of OKC\" discussion continues...Will there ever be justice for punk??"
"We're about to release something you guys have been waiting for. Who's up? If you see this status, LIKE it."
"Just looked those up - they would work. Thanks! He wears fancy striped sweats from Boden a lot."
"(cont.) How do you make love to a person animal style?\" <---- Worst questions a child can ask. Best questions a child can ask someone else!"
"yeah only like 7 or 8 more days :( This summers gone by way to fast :/"
"This is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. Perhaps thats why I slept so well n feel refreshed so early this morning!!"
"#teamfollowback #promo follow she is cool....#followsback and #promotes follow her and get mad followers mad #love to you girl"
"Generators Available For Purchase Internet Buying Information"
"and I chugging vodka I'm my car outside howl at the moon.... Kicking it old school:)"
"Thanks for the support!"
"miss u to. Here your play is going to NY! Congrats!"
"MMG Untouchable X Rick Ross"
"So much to love about the EEOB. Strikingly unappreciated treasure. Also: Where many of the Nixon tapes were recorded."
"Watched both babies all day so my mom can catch up on her rest & she said that her & her gf are going out now. Umm wtf!? Noo."
"geez damn house I'd gone too wow I guess I will quit watching tv lol"
"so much school work to do today -_-"
"you always look beautiful on the red carpet!"
"it couldn't happen til next year, he'll be away until October"
"sup bro!"
"fair -__- but im raw still B)"
"Nice score! Thanks for visiting us - we're huge Double Fine fans!"
"Higgs Boson inverts theory: tries to explain the smallest by the biggest- in explaining a brick's composition by describing a brick house."
"#summerplans are ruined today cause its rainy and crappy :( wahhh"
"Travis Wall Workshop tonight! Can not wait to see what he has to bring to the studio!"
"GAH I saw the score.I SHAKE MY FIST AT THE WORLD"
"Grammys are tonight! For musicians, it's our Super Bowl haha :)"
"Fell asleep for 5 minutes putting my cousin to sleep, Woke up had this boost of energy and went to the gym!"
"Why does the coat check salt the jar with $5 bills? To provide visual proof that it is ok to tip $5. The power of conformity influences us"
"what's poppin slime?!"
"is 30 mins away from me right now!!!! OMG!"
"Sounds like today is going well for you so far. I'm at the Enum library hiding from visitors so I can get work done."
"Stained Concrete Flooring Metro Atlanta www.AcidStainer.com 770-380-5277 High Gloss Marble Look Basement Flooring Atlanta Ga Custom Designs"
"Got a nice shock checking out - every mini-bar item I'd looked-at/put-back, over 5 days was automatically charged to my bill - ha!"
"what about Heineken does that count?"
"Three hours of biking + ACT Prep class to teach tonight + assessment essays to grade = shouldn't be on Twitter."
"Manchester drive still in the dark and no heat and no sign of con Ed."
"When the F are we going to do a show with ??"
"Good to know. Thanks!"
"Hey! When'd you turn into Raphael Saadiq?! ;)"
"Obama has seen Key and Peele's Anger Translator sketch!"
"Its rare that i can say i told u so zah father left coffee on the table earlier nite and she got to it now she off the wall"
"it seems like it was a lot more powerful at one point. Im wondering if they changed something."
"Today's Family Fun is INDOORS in #BkSq 1st Floor w/ Jr! Free event for ALL Ages w/ bar 21+ to benefit !"
"welcome back we missed you:)"
"Beatles mix cd accompanied with radio shuttle talk complaining of the woman shuttle driver"
"Welcome to all new followers! We look forward to connecting with you."
"Might get a sidekick from daniek(:"
"#FF I miss you ladies!"
"I'm just not believing it"
"If you're gonna play with something play with yourself, not me and my emotions."
"I love all of your tweets....."
"Just finished Charlie Chaplin's autobiography. Just like his Tramp, he's a gentleman, a poet, and a dreamer, always hopeful of romance."
"Why are Christmas trees like bad knitters ?They both drop their needles !"
"Just watched The Help - so THAT'S what all the fuss was about. Flawless filmmaking."
"A wise panther once said, \"Those who seek instant gratification will eventually get no gratification.\""
"Going to an A's game, nothing like terrible baseball to brighten a cloudy cold day. They do have beer, tho..."
"i like just friends the old one and newer ones hum hard one turn right"
"You know you're tired when you wash your hair with body wash and your body with shampoo"
"What's your beef with Intel? Are you being paid by AMD?"
"you got it! then the world! ;-)"
"truth be told Im a freelance artist my Avi pic i drew up myself.. If you have an assignment Ill do a few demos 4 you to choose from"
"Come on #Bayern!"
"RT: Jeep Build is Back in Action! Tweet us about your #Jeep and we will retweet it on our page.."
"Late HUB nights like these are why I keep a hoodie in my desk :)"
": Thanks Neil! We'll be there!"
"Bicyclist being followed by police on shoulder of 95S by Columbus Ave"
"I don't know why I like dumb songs so much.... but Faded has been my jam lately"
"Haha well thank ya kind gent:-)"
"Can't wait to see you play tonight in Wrigley! I'll be rocking my Cards gear with pride!"
"Film crew from New York Film Academy is filming my tattoo for a doc on"
"thank god it's monday"
"That's wtf I'm talking about.overtime baby."
"#Experience is something that u needed to go through. If there is no test, there can be no"
"YES YES YES YES YES AND YES!!!!!!"
"What's your fav and least fav graphic novel? I like Blankets by Craig Thompson. Can't think of any bad ones. Can you?"
"Right! RT : Constant name dropping, that's that shit I don't like. (Iknowallthepeopleyouknow)"
